content/compendium/exscore.mdx, before:

# EX-score
EX-Score is a different scoring type that is focused on S-Crits. Your S-Crit score is calculated by tallying up your hits. 
- S-Crits are worth 5 points
- Normal Crits are worth 4
- Nears are worth 2
- Errors are worth 0

EX-Score is not like normal score where there is a set max score. The max EX-Score on every chart is different. 

EX-Scoring looks different when selected. When in the game, instead of showing your
score at the top right, it will show your ex-score with a MAX next to it. The
max shows how far away you are from MAXing the score, meaning hitting all
S-Crits. For example, a MAX -3 would mean you hit a near, or 3 crits.

EX-Score is always counted unless you have S-Crit disabled. Even when you have normal scoring selected. If you select EX-Score while in song select and have the rival leaderboard open, you can see others' EX-Score if they have any.

While EX-Score doesn't really affect anything in game, there is a special animation for getting a MAX, or an S-PUC. If you want to see it, check out [the first S-PUC on a 20 played by Mini](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xFjlKY7GKHs).

Commit message:

added ex-score radar info

content/compendium/exscore.mdx, after:

# EX-score
EX-Score is a different scoring type that is focused on S-Crits. Your S-Crit score is calculated by tallying up your hits. 
- S-Crits are worth 5 points
- Normal Crits are worth 4
- Nears are worth 2
- Errors are worth 0

EX-Score is not like normal score where there is a set max score. The max EX-Score on every chart is different. 

EX-Scoring looks different when selected. When in the game, instead of showing your
score at the top right, it will show your ex-score with a MAX next to it. The
max shows how far away you are from MAXing the score, meaning hitting all
S-Crits. For example, a MAX -3 would mean you hit a near, or 3 crits.

EX-Score is always counted unless you have S-Crit disabled. Even when you have normal scoring selected. If you select EX-Score while in song select and have the rival leaderboard open, you can see others' EX-Score if they have any.

EX-Score only applies to your [player radar](/compendium/rader), nothing else. Meaning, upscoring your EX-score will not give you VF, only more points on your radar.

While EX-Score doesn't really affect much in game, there is a special animation for getting a MAX, or an S-PUC. If you want to see it, check out [the first S-PUC on a 20 played by Mini](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xFjlKY7GKHs).
