content/compendium/volforce.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

# Volforce
Volforce is the main way seen to measure "skill". Of course, it's not 100%, but in theory, higher Volforce = better you are. 

Your Volforce is a combination of your best 50 plays. After every play, the game calculates the Volforce of that play with this equation.

<Callout>
This equation is technically wrong. Voltex doesn't multiply it by .001, it just rounds down to a whole number. It then takes that number, adds it to the best 50, then divides that sum by 1000. I add the .001 to simplify this whole process. It still gives the same answer, just different ways to get to that.
</Callout>
<br/>
<div className="text-center">
 ``(LV*(Score / 10,00,000)*(Grade Coefficient)*(Clear Coefficient)*20)*.001 ``

 **Grade Coefficient/Factor**
</div>

<div className="flex items-center justify-center mt-2">
| S | AAA+ | AAA | AA+ | AA | A+ | A | B | C | D |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|1.05|1.02|1.00|0.97|0.94|0.91|0.88|0.85|0.82|0.80|
</div>

<br/>
<div className="text-center">
  **Clear Coefficient/Factor**
</div>

<div className="flex items-center justify-center mt-2">
|PUC|UC|Excessive Rate Clear|Effective rate clear|Crash|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|1.10|1.05|1.02|1.00|0.50|
</div>

For example, if I got a score of `9,923,042 (S)` on a `level 18` with an `Excessive Rate clear`, this is how I would calculate my Volforce.
<br/>
<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
``(18*(9,923,042 / 10,000,000)*(1.05)*(1.02)*20)*.001``
</div>
This gives me `0.38259280735`. Since voltex rounds down from the 3rd digit, we can just cut everything after the 3rd digit and get our answer `.382`.

The important things to note is that the only things taken into consideration is Level of the Chart, Score, Clear type, and Grade.
<br/>

After it calculates this number, it then compares it to your best 50. If this
number is higher than the lowest Volforce play in your best 50, you will gain
the difference of that Volforce. For example, let's look at our last example.
Let's say I just set that score. Voltex will look at the lowest VF score in my
best 50. If that was `.370`, it would replace that Volforce with this one and I
will gain 
<div className="text-center mt-5">
.382-.370=**0.012 Volforce**. 
</div>
This will be shown on the screen next to your Volforce if this happens.

You can tell what is in your best 50 if it has what is circled in red.
<div className="flex items-center justify-center mt-3">
![best50](/compendium/volforce/best50.png)
</div>

The symbol next to the best 50 will be different depending on what your current VF is.

There is also a Best 50 folder, although note that this is not sorted by Volforce but rather by whatever sort you have selected.

## Skill Ranks
There are different skill ranks for different milestones in Volforce. Here are all of them

<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
 <img src='/compendium/volforce/volforceranks.png' width="400"/>
</div>

Every rank has four separate "gates".

At Imperial `20.00 VF`, instead of ranking up every `1.000 VF`, it changes to
every `4.000 VF`. This is currently the cap on VF rank. There is nobody that is
past this point because there aren't enough charts to fill up your best 50 enough
to reach past `24.000 VF`.

The two people that are currently max VF are [Mini](https://www.youtube.com/@minisdvx7740) and [Jakads](https://www.youtube.com/@Jakads_realkk). They have PUC every 20 to come out.

Commit message:

volforce explanation and downtime fix

content/compendium/volforce.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

# Volforce
Volforce is the main way seen to measure "skill". Of course, it's not 100%, but in theory, higher Volforce = better you are. 

Your Volforce is a combination of your best 50 plays. After every play, the game calculates the Volforce of that play with this equation.

<Callout>
This equation is technically wrong. Voltex doesn't multiply it by .001, it just rounds down to a whole number. It then takes that number, adds it to the best 50, then divides that sum by 1000. I add the .001 to simplify this whole process. It still gives the same answer, just different ways to get to that.
</Callout>
<br/>
<div className="text-center">
 ``(LV*(Score / 10,00,000)*(Grade Coefficient)*(Clear Coefficient)*20)*.001 ``

 **Grade Coefficient/Factor**
</div>

<div className="flex items-center justify-center mt-2">
| S | AAA+ | AAA | AA+ | AA | A+ | A | B | C | D |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|1.05|1.02|1.00|0.97|0.94|0.91|0.88|0.85|0.82|0.80|
</div>

<br/>
<div className="text-center">
  **Clear Coefficient/Factor**
</div>

<div className="flex items-center justify-center mt-2">
|PUC|UC|Excessive Rate Clear|Effective rate clear|Crash|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|1.10|1.05|1.02|1.00|0.50|
</div>

For example, if I got a score of `9,923,042 (S)` on a `level 18` with an `Excessive Rate clear`, this is how I would calculate my Volforce.
<br/>
<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
``(18*(9,923,042 / 10,000,000)*(1.05)*(1.02)*20)*.001``
</div>
This gives me `0.38259280735`. Since voltex rounds down from the 3rd digit, we can just cut everything after the 3rd digit and get our answer `.382`.
<br/>

After it calculates this number, it then compares it to your best 50. If this
number is higher than the lowest Volforce play in your best 50, you will gain
the difference of that Volforce. For example, let's look at our last example.
Let's say I just set that score. Voltex will look at the lowest VF score in my
best 50. If that was `.370`, it would replace that Volforce with this one and I
will gain 
<div className="text-center mt-5">
.382-.370=**0.012 Volforce**. 
</div>
This will be shown on the screen next to your Volforce if this happens.

The important things to note is that the only things taken into consideration is ***Level of the Chart, Score, Clear type, and Grade**.

Also, your volforce is calculated as **your best clear and your best score** on a
chart. For example if you get a `9,899,320` with a `UC` but already had a
`9,923,042` with a `Excessive Rate Clear`, it would use the `UC` to calculate the volforce.

With the equation it would look like this
<div className="flex items-center justify-center mt-3">
``(18*(9,923,042 / 10,000,000)*(1.05)*(1.05)*20)*.001``
</div>
Note the `1.02` has changed to a `1.05`, but it used the better score that I originally had. This means 
I would gain .393-.382=**.011 Volforce** for just increasing my Excessive to a UC, even with a worse score.


You can tell what is in your best 50 if it has what is circled in red.
<div className="flex items-center justify-center mt-3">
![best50](/compendium/volforce/best50.png)
</div>

The symbol next to the best 50 will be different depending on what your current VF is.

There is also a Best 50 folder, although note that this is not sorted by Volforce but rather by whatever sort you have selected.

## Skill Ranks
There are different skill ranks for different milestones in Volforce. Here are all of them

<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
 <img src='/compendium/volforce/volforceranks.png' width="400"/>
</div>

Every rank has four separate "gates".

At Imperial `20.00 VF`, instead of ranking up every `1.000 VF`, it changes to
every `4.000 VF`. This is currently the cap on VF rank. There is nobody that is
past this point because there aren't enough charts to fill up your best 50 enough
to reach past `24.000 VF`.

The two people that are currently max VF are [Mini](https://www.youtube.com/@minisdvx7740) and [Jakads](https://www.youtube.com/@Jakads_realkk). They have PUC every 20 to come out.
