content/en/compendium/customization.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from "nextra/components"

# Customization
## Table of Contents
- [Intro](#intro)
- [Rolling](#rolling)
    - [Online Rolling](#online-rolling)
    - [Valkyrie Rolling](#valkyrie-rolling)
    - [Card Connect](#card-connect)
- [Events](#events)

## Intro
<Callout>
    Unless said otherwise, most stuff in here is arcade-exclusive.
</Callout>
There exist a lot of ways to customize your game. You can change the Crew, BGM,
Background, Touchscreen Background, NEMSYS controller, and stickers. Most of
these are obtained through gacha. You can sometimes get certain crews through
events and the arena shop though. To customize everything besides crew, you can
head [here](https://p.eagate.573.jp/game/sdvx/vi/playdata/customize/index.html).

## Rolling
### Online Rolling
You can roll online for stuff through the e-amusement shop. This cost real
money. You can get Navs, BGMs, Stickers, etc through these. Note that Konasute
コナステ can only change navs. You can see all of them 
[here](https://p.eagate.573.jp/gate/p/eamusement/coop/mall.html?fromlist&dt=%2FSOUND%20VOLTEX%2F)

Online gacha is not like other gacha where there is a pity system. You can't get the same item twice.

To see what's in all the packs, you can head
[here](https://p.eagate.573.jp/game/sdvx/vi/pregene/index.html?series_id=1) or
click on the pack you want to click and click the `こちら` link in the
description. To roll, you must enter your password first.

<div className="flex items-center justify-center mt-3">
 <img src='/compendium/customization/rolling.png' width="600"/>
</div>


### Valkyrie Rolling
Not to be confused with the online valkyrie rolling, this is an in-game rolling
system that is only available outside the US. If you are in the US, you have to get someone who has access to valkyrie rolling to get them.

Most new generators that come out are now done online. 

### Real generator
Real generator is a old generator that can only be done on nemsys. This is how you get the older navs. These are hard to find nowadays because of lack of nemsys cabs.

### Card Connect
Card connect is the updated real generator. These are available on valk cabs and arcades that have card connect.

These gacha print out small cards as well. You can see these [here.](https://p.eagate.573.jp/game/card_connect/1/gacha/sdvx.html)


## Events
Rarely, they will do events for navs. Often this is usually an arena shop where you can buy older navs. Sometimes, they also do other events for navs, but this is rare.

Commit message:

added more info in customization
if i miss anything pls fix

content/en/compendium/customization.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from "nextra/components"

# Customization
## Table of Contents
- [Intro](#intro)
- [How do I roll?](#how-do-i-roll)
- [Rolling](#rolling)
    - [Premium Generator](#premium-generator)
    - [Online Valkyrie Rolling](#online-valkyrie-rolling)
    - [In-game Valkyrie Rolling](#in-game-valkyrie-rolling)
    - [Card Connect](#card-connect)
- [Events](#events)

## Intro
<Callout>
    Unless said otherwise, most stuff in here is arcade-exclusive.
</Callout>
There exist a lot of ways to customize your game. You can change the Crew, BGM,
Background, Touchscreen Background, NEMSYS controller, and stickers. Most of
these are obtained through gacha. You can sometimes get certain crews through
events and the arena shop though. To customize everything besides crew, you can
head [here](https://p.eagate.573.jp/game/sdvx/vi/playdata/customize/index.html).

## How do I roll?
To start rolling, you must first have a Japanese Konami account, you can refer to this [guide](https://www.sdvx.org/en/setup/konasute#creating-a-konami-account) to help you.

After getting an e-Amusement/Konami account set in Japan, your last step is to have arcade data. Note that arcade data and Konasute data is different. You can also refer to this [guide](https://www.sdvx.org/en/setup/arcade#playing-in-an-arcade-for-the-first-time) to help you.

After acquiring arcade data, you can now use the guides below to help you roll.

## Rolling
### Premium Generator
You can roll online for customization items through the e-Amusement shop. This cost real
money (PASELI or other payment methods), and items include:
- Crew (Navigators)
- System BGs
- Stamps, and more

Note that Konasute コナステ can only change navs. You can see all of them 
[here](https://p.eagate.573.jp/gate/p/eamusement/coop/mall.html?fromlist&dt=%2FSOUND%20VOLTEX%2F)

Online gacha is not like other gacha where there is a pity system. You can't get the same item twice.

To see what's in all the packs, you can head
[here](https://p.eagate.573.jp/game/sdvx/vi/pregene/index.html?series_id=1) or
click on the pack you want, then click the `こちら` link in the
description. To roll, you must enter your password first.

*Note that only Crew from Premium Generators have System Voice.

<div className="flex items-center justify-center mt-3">
 <img src='/compendium/customization/rolling.png' width="600"/>
</div>

### Online Valkyrie Rolling
Essentially the same as the Premium Generator, but includes a bit more customizations such as
- Nemsys Design
- Customized BGM

However, Crew acquired from Valkyrie Generators do not feature a system voice.
### In-game Valkyrie Rolling
Not to be confused with the online valkyrie rolling, this is an in-game rolling
system that is only available outside the US. If you are in the US, you have to get someone who has access to valkyrie rolling to get them.

Most new generators that come out are now done online. 

### Real generator
Real generator is a old generator that can only be done on nemsys. This is how you get the older navs. These are hard to find nowadays because of lack of nemsys cabs.

### Card Connect
Card connect is the updated real generator. These are available on valk cabs and arcades that have card connect.

These gacha print out small cards as well. You can see these [here.](https://p.eagate.573.jp/game/card_connect/1/gacha/sdvx.html)


## Events
Rarely, they will do events for navs. Often this is usually an arena shop where you can buy older navs. Sometimes, they also do other events for navs, but this is rare.
