content/en/compendium/miscellaneous.mdx, before:

# Miscellaneous
## Table of Contents
- [Censorship](#censorship)
    - [Korea Censorship](#korean-censorship)
    - [US Censorship](#us-censorship)
- [Youtuber to watch](#youtubers-to-watch)
- [Resources](#resources)
## Censorship
There are two regions that are censored each with both being different from each
other. These regions are Korea and the US. None of the censors don't affect
gameplay and are purely cosmetic.

### Korean Censorship
Because of Korea's much harsher laws with Korea's Game Rating and Administration
Committee (GRAC), certain things are censored. Specifically, most jackets that
are more "erotic". These jackets are then replaced with the default jacket.
Examples are iLLness LiLin, GERBERA-For Finalists-, VΛZiLiSQ and others. Note
that for iLLness LiLin, even though the jackets are censored, the characters still
pop up during the chart.

Jiggle physics on navs are also disabled/toned down. To see more examples, [here is Neardayo's video on it.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qb60uBDiKsU)

<br/>
<div className="text-center">
  Example of censored chart
</div>

<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
  ![chartcensor](/compendium/miscellaneous/censorjacket.png)
</div>

### US Censorship
On 7/11/2024, the US version was slightly censored. Certain jackets were
removed/censored and the default Rasis nav was removed. This nav is still
selectable and still talks, but everywhere where there is supposed to be a nav,
there is nothing. This only applies to the default Rasis nav, every other nav is
still selectable and shown.

Most of the jackets that were removed were the current attract mode songs that
show when the game is not being played. 

This is not the same as the Korean censor, as different jackets are censored and
navs still have jiggle physics.

Commit message:

Update for current events, and U region stuff.

content/en/compendium/miscellaneous.mdx, after:

# Miscellaneous
## Table of Contents
- [Censorship](#censorship)
    - [Korea Censorship](#korean-censorship)
    - [US Censorship](#us-censorship)
- [Youtuber to watch](#youtubers-to-watch)
- [Resources](#resources)
## Censorship
There are two regions that are censored each with both being different from each
other. These regions are Korea and the US. None of the censors don't affect
gameplay and are purely cosmetic.

### Korean Censorship
Because of Korea's much harsher laws with Korea's Game Rating and Administration
Committee (GRAC), certain things are censored. Specifically, most jackets that
are more "erotic". These jackets are then replaced with the default jacket.
Examples are iLLness LiLin, GERBERA-For Finalists-, VΛZiLiSQ and others. Note
that for iLLness LiLin, even though the jackets are censored, the characters still
pop up during the chart.

Jiggle physics on navs are also disabled/toned down. To see more examples, [here is Neardayo's video on it.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qb60uBDiKsU)

<br/>
<div className="text-center">
  Example of censored chart
</div>

<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
  ![chartcensor](/compendium/miscellaneous/censorjacket.png)
</div>

### US Differences

#### Censorship
On 7/11/2024, the US version was slightly censored. Certain jackets were
removed/censored and the default Rasis nav was removed. This nav is still
selectable and still talks, but everywhere where there is supposed to be a nav,
there is nothing. This only applies to the default Rasis nav, every other nav is
still selectable and shown.

Most of the jackets that were removed were the current attract mode songs that
show when the game is not being played. 

This is not the same as the Korean censor, as different jackets are censored and
navs still have jiggle physics.

#### Other Differences
U Region cabs, like all other regions besides Japan, can't use paseli. This means that credits is the main way to play at arcades. 

As of 2025/07/14, All U Region cabs have the old EX-Track system of filling up
the bar to get the EX-Track. Also, [MAXXIVE
rate](/compendium/gauge-options#maxxive-rate) is not available on a Standard
Start. Only [Blaster](/compendium/game-modes#blaster-start) or [Premium](/compendium/game-modes#premium-time) Start.
