content/en/compendium/unlocks.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'
import { Image } from '../../../components/Media'

# Unlocks
## Table of Contents
- [Intro](#intro)
- [Variant Gate](#variant-gate)
- [Blaster Gate](#blaster-gate)
    - [Omega dimension](#omega-dimension)
- [Hexadiver](#hexadiver)
- [Tama Adventure](#tama-adventure)
- [Event unlocks](#event-unlocks)
    - [Stamp](#stamp)
    - [Arena Shop](#arena-shop)
    - [Triple Tribe/Crossover](#triple-tribecrossover)
    - [NEMSYS ARENA World Hexathlon Event](#nemsys-arena-world-hexathlon-event)
## Intro
<Callout>
Unlocks in Konasute are different and most of what is said here doesn't apply. The only unlock system in Konasute is Blaster Gate.
</Callout>
<Callout>
If you plan to go on a big unlocking session, it is highly recommended to get the [Blaster Pass](https://p.eagate.573.jp/gate/p/eamusement/coop/mall.html?pid=367&fromdetails&dt=SOUND%20VOLTEX%2FBLASTER%20PASS%2F) as it makes unlocking stuff much faster and will save a lot of money. 
</Callout>
There are multiple different ways to unlock songs. Unfortunately, it can sometimes
be hard to find a specific way to unlock a specific song. You can often 
find how to unlock a song by googling it and finding the remywiki. At the bottom,
it will say how to unlock it. 
<div className="flex items-center justify-center text-center mt-3">
![remywikiqq](/compendium/unlocks/remywikiqq.png)
[Example with QQ](https://remywiki.com/QQ)
</div>

This page will go over what all the unlocks are, what they all mean, and how to use them.

For a good guide on how to use all unlocks, you can check this sheet [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1VBYWSUaKqHUOyfCtvkHFYBSnEPwxhTh8-m4UlU8zUL0/edit?gid=594247546#gid=594247546).

[comment]: # (im keeping this at the top for the time being, will move it later)

## Variant Gate
Variant Gate is the new unlock system for Sound Voltex. Currently, there are 4 charts in it with the 19s representing a symbol.
<Image src="/compendium/unlocks/variant_charts.png"/>

- Mirror - **黒蝶のワルツ** MXM 19 `Tricky`, `Notes`
- Magatama - **Gryphone** MXM 19 `Hand-trip`, `Tsumami`
- Sword - **Who then no 灯** MXM 19 `One-hand`, `Peak`
- **神凪** MXM 20 (Not in image)

To access any of the first 3 songs, you have to fill the `VARIANT POWER` bar with the
corresponding [Radar](/compendium/radar) of the chart you want to unlock. For
example, if you want to unlock the Sword chart, you would have to play charts with either `One-hand` or `Peak` as their [Radar](/compendium/radar). 

The `VARIANT POWER` bar will only fill up with [MAXXIVE RATE](/compendium/gauge-options#maxxive-rate) clears. Meaning, you have to clear charts with MAXXIVE RATE to fill the Variant Bar.

You can filter by radar using [Radar Folders](/startingout/songselect#folders)

[Blaster Start](/compendium/gamemodes#blaster-start) gives you 35% on the Variant Bar, so on your extra track, you will
guarantee be able to play one of the charts.

[Normal Start](/compendium/gamemodes#normal) gives you 8% on the Variant Bar.

Once you have filled the bar, you can go into the Variant folder and select the
chart if **you are on a EX-TRACK**. The Variant folder only shows on EX-TRACK. There are different [Ranks of difficulty](/compendium/gauge-options#variant-rank) that represent how hard the gauge
is. The first time picking the chart, you will be locked to the max
difficulty of `Rank V`. This is the hardest gauge with no recovery and depletes on Crits.

If you fail, the next time you play the chart you will play at one rank below
the one you failed. So, if you failed a `Rank V` your difficulty will now be
`Rank IV` when you go to try it again. This goes all the way to `Rank I`.

If you clear, you will unlock the chart and any lower difficulties no matter what rank.


To access the 20, you have to clear all the 19 MXM of the previous three charts.
Upon clearing your final 19, you will be put straight into the 20. You will be
locked to the max difficulty of `Rank V`. 

If you fail, you will have to redo clearing all the 19s again to try again. You
will still be locked at `Rank V` for the 20.


## Blaster Gate
Blaster Gate songs are locked away in the Blaster Gate folder. Songs that are
locked by a blaster gate can be seen on the main song selected with a lock system.
To open and unlock a song from this folder, you have to fill up the blaster
gauge. This is shown at the end of a song here.

<div className="flex items-center justify-center mt-3">
 <img src='/compendium/unlocks/blastergauge.png' width="400"/>
</div>

After this bar hits 100%, you can go into the Blaster Gate folder and play the
song you would like to unlock. Unless you have the blaster pass, you have to
clear the chart to unlock it. Clearing the higher difficulty will also unlock
the lower difficulties.

No matter if you pass or fail, your Blaster Gauge will go back to 0.

If you fail to clear the song 15 times, it will automatically unlock no matter if you pass or fail.

### Omega dimension
Omega dimension works the same as Blaster Gate, except that it is in a different folder. 

## Hexadiver
Hexadivers is one of the exceed gear unlock system. After your blaster gauge is
100% of you can access this folder. Each Hexadiver is a separate folder
containing 7 charts with a 20 at the end. 

When first going into a hexadiver, there will only be 3 songs available to unlock. New songs will show up after other songs are unlocked. 

Each song has 10000 HP. You unlock the difficulties of the chart after hitting the
HP thresholds of 1000 NOV, 2500 ADV, 5000 EXH, and 10000 MXM. Playing on higher
difficulties lets you do more damage. Also, you can only unlock up to the
difficulty you are playing. For example, if you play the EXH, you can't do more
damage or go past the EXH threshold of 5000 meaning you can't unlock the MXM.

After selecting a chart, you will choose how difficult you want your gauge. The
higher the difficulty, the more damage you do, but the harder it is. In general,
HR4 is around Excessive and HR5 is even harder than that.

Hexadivers before Akasha have certain changes only applied to them. Specifically Hexadivers 1-9 from `幻想御伽篇` to `彩虹の銀幕篇`. These changes are
- **HEXA BLASTER:** You can play Hexa Diver multiple times on a single credit.
- **HEXA CONTINUE:** If you fail out of a song, your blaster energy is not consumed.
- **HEXA OVERDRIVE:** Each time a Hexa diver song is cleared, a dmg multiplier is added. This is reset every day
<br/>
<div className="text-center mb-2">
 **HEXA OVERDRIVE multiplier. Resets every day.**
</div>

<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
|Hexa Overdrive Multiplier|Initial|Once|Twice|Three|Four|Five|
|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|
|With Blaster Pass|1.0|1.1|1.2|1.3|1.4|1.5|
|Without Blaster Pass|1.5|1.6|1.7|1.8|1.9|2|
</div>

<br/>
<div className="text-center mb-2">
 **All in all, for the first 9 Hexadivers, here is about the dmg you would do.**
</div>
<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
|Hexadivers before <br/> Akasha with max multipler| HR1 | HR2 | HR3 | HR4 | HR5 |
|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|
|Dmg on MXM|3000|3750|5250|7500|10000|
|Dmg on MXM with Blaster pass|4000|5000|7000|10000|10000|
</div>

<br/>
<div className="text-center mb-2">
 **For Hexadivers after HeaveИ's Rain (Akasha and above), here is the DMG you would do.**
</div>
<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
|Hexadivers after HeaveИ's Rain | HR1 | HR2 | HR3 | HR4 | HR5 |
|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|
|Dmg on MXM|2000|2500|3500|5000|10000|
|Dmg on MXM with Blaster pass|3000|3750|5250|7500|10000|
</div>

## Tama Adventure
Tama Adventure is the unlock system for Exceed Gear. Before a credit, you
will choose what song you would like to unlock. You can change what song you are
trying to unlock in your room before you go to song select. Each song will have
a certain amount of points you need to unlock it. You get points by either
completing the missions or just playing. You will unlock lower difficulties at
different point thresholds.

At the end of a credit, your points are tallied up and it goes to unlock the
song. The amount of points you need is different based on the difficulty.
Blaster pass, Blaster start, and premium time all give you more points.

Each song has a quest that you can do to give you bonus points. You can find what
these quest are at the bottom of the screen during song select. These are in
Japanese so it is recommended to look at the [unlock
guide](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1VBYWSUaKqHUOyfCtvkHFYBSnEPwxhTh8-m4UlU8zUL0/edit?gid=594247546#gid=594247546)
to see what they are.

Each quest doesn't give you a set amount of points when you do them, rather it increases the amount you get per song every credit.

For each song, you get 3 points + the number of missions you completed. For example, if you completed 3 missions and just did a song, you would get `6` points for that song.

<br/>
<div className="text-center mb-2">
 **Multipliers applied after credit**
</div>
<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
|Multiplier|How much bonus|
|:-:|:-:|
|Blaster Pass|+5|
|Premium Time Start|1x|
|Blaster Start|2x|
|Megamix Start|2x|
</div>

Note that Megamix only counts as one song.

## Event unlocks
Event locked songs are time-gated. Every once in a while they come back. There are multiple different event unlocks styles for event songs. 

This does not include every event, just the most common ones you will see. Rarely, they will create a new event for unlocking songs. 

### Stamp
This is usually the most common event. Each song has a certain amount of stamps
you need to obtain. You gain stamps at the end of your credit. You get 1 stamp
for a standard start, and 2 stamps for anything else. (This sometimes changes, but
usually, any thing that costs more money to play will give you 2 stamps).

### Arena Shop
Every once in a while, the Arena shop will open that contains different songs
and sometimes crews. These are mostly XCD. You purchase these songs with AP. AP
is a currency only available while the arena shop is open. You gain AP at the
end of a credit depending on what you choose.

<div className="flex items-center justify-center mt-2">
<br/>
|AP|Without Blaster Pass|With Blaster Pass|
|:-:|:-:|:-:|
|Light start|200 AP|1000 AP|
|Standard Start|240 AP|1200 AP|
|Premium Time Start|400 AP|2000 AP|
|Blaster Start|400 AP|2000 AP|
|Megamix Battle|500 AP|1000 AP|
|Any Battle|500 AP|-|
|Ranked Match|1000 AP|-|
|Ultimate Match|1200 AP|-|
</div>

### Triple Tribe/Crossover
A trible tribe or also a crossover event is usually a crossover between SDVX,
DDR, and IIDX. Sometimes, one of the games isn't in it. This event involves
filling up a bar for each game to unlock songs. You have to play the different
games to unlock certain songs, and can't unlock the final song until you max out
all the bars.

Commit message:

adding new gauge details to unlocks

content/en/compendium/unlocks.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'
import { Image } from '../../../components/Media'

# Unlocks
## Table of Contents
- [Intro](#intro)
- [Variant Gate](#variant-gate)
- [Blaster Gate](#blaster-gate)
    - [Omega dimension](#omega-dimension)
- [Hexadiver](#hexadiver)
- [Tama Adventure](#tama-adventure)
- [Event unlocks](#event-unlocks)
    - [Stamp](#stamp)
    - [Arena Shop](#arena-shop)
    - [Triple Tribe/Crossover](#triple-tribecrossover)
    - [NEMSYS ARENA World Hexathlon Event](#nemsys-arena-world-hexathlon-event)
## Intro
<Callout>
Unlocks in Konasute are different and most of what is said here doesn't apply. The only unlock system in Konasute is Blaster Gate.
</Callout>
<Callout>
If you plan to go on a big unlocking session, it is highly recommended to get the [Blaster Pass](https://p.eagate.573.jp/gate/p/eamusement/coop/mall.html?pid=367&fromdetails&dt=SOUND%20VOLTEX%2FBLASTER%20PASS%2F) as it makes unlocking stuff much faster and will save a lot of money. 
</Callout>
There are multiple different ways to unlock songs. Unfortunately, it can sometimes
be hard to find a specific way to unlock a specific song. You can often 
find how to unlock a song by googling it and finding the remywiki. At the bottom,
it will say how to unlock it. 
<div className="flex items-center justify-center text-center mt-3">
![remywikiqq](/compendium/unlocks/remywikiqq.png)
[Example with QQ](https://remywiki.com/QQ)
</div>

This page will go over what all the unlocks are, what they all mean, and how to use them.

For a good guide on how to use all unlocks, you can check this sheet [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1VBYWSUaKqHUOyfCtvkHFYBSnEPwxhTh8-m4UlU8zUL0/edit?gid=594247546#gid=594247546).

[comment]: # (im keeping this at the top for the time being, will move it later)

## Variant Gate
Variant Gate is the new unlock system for Sound Voltex. Currently, there are 4 charts in it with the 19s representing a symbol.
<Image src="/compendium/unlocks/variant_charts.png"/>

- Mirror - **黒蝶のワルツ** MXM 19 `Tricky`, `Notes`
- Magatama - **Gryphone** MXM 19 `Hand-trip`, `Tsumami`
- Sword - **Who then no 灯** MXM 19 `One-hand`, `Peak`
- **神凪** MXM 20 (Not in image)

To access any of the first 3 songs, you have to fill the `VARIANT POWER` bar with the
corresponding [Radar](/compendium/radar) of the chart you want to unlock. For
example, if you want to unlock the Sword chart, you would have to play charts with either `One-hand` or `Peak` as their [Radar](/compendium/radar). 

The `VARIANT POWER` bar will only fill up with [MAXXIVE RATE](/compendium/gauge-options#maxxive-rate) clears. Meaning, you have to clear charts with MAXXIVE RATE to fill the Variant Bar.

You can filter by radar using [Radar Folders](/startingout/songselect#folders)

[Blaster Start](/compendium/gamemodes#blaster-start) gives you 35% on the Variant Bar, so on your extra track, you will
guarantee be able to play one of the charts.

[Normal Start](/compendium/gamemodes#normal) gives you 8% on the Variant Bar.

Once you have filled the bar, you can go into the Variant folder and select the
chart if **you are on a EX-TRACK**. The Variant folder only shows on EX-TRACK. There are different [Ranks of difficulty](/compendium/gauge-options#variant-rank) that represent how hard the gauge
is. For details on the difficulty of the gauge, see [Variant Rate Breakdown.](/compendium/gauge-options#variative-rate-breakdown) The first time picking the chart, you will be locked to the max
difficulty of `Rank V`. This is the hardest gauge with no recovery and depletes on Crits.

If you fail, the next time you play the chart you will play at one rank below
the one you failed. So, if you failed a `Rank V` your difficulty will now be
`Rank IV` when you go to try it again. This goes all the way to `Rank I`.

If you clear, you will unlock the chart and any lower difficulties no matter what rank.


To access the 20, you have to clear all the 19 MXM of the previous three charts.
Upon clearing your final 19, you will be put straight into the 20. You will be
locked to the max difficulty of `Rank V`. 

If you fail, you will have to redo clearing all the 19s again to try again. You
will still be locked at `Rank V` for the 20.


## Blaster Gate
Blaster Gate songs are locked away in the Blaster Gate folder. Songs that are
locked by a blaster gate can be seen on the main song selected with a lock system.
To open and unlock a song from this folder, you have to fill up the blaster
gauge. This is shown at the end of a song here.

<div className="flex items-center justify-center mt-3">
 <img src='/compendium/unlocks/blastergauge.png' width="400"/>
</div>

After this bar hits 100%, you can go into the Blaster Gate folder and play the
song you would like to unlock. Unless you have the blaster pass, you have to
clear the chart to unlock it. Clearing the higher difficulty will also unlock
the lower difficulties.

No matter if you pass or fail, your Blaster Gauge will go back to 0.

If you fail to clear the song 15 times, it will automatically unlock no matter if you pass or fail.

### Omega dimension
Omega dimension works the same as Blaster Gate, except that it is in a different folder. 

## Hexadiver
Hexadivers is one of the exceed gear unlock system. After your blaster gauge is
100% of you can access this folder. Each Hexadiver is a separate folder
containing 7 charts with a 20 at the end. 

When first going into a hexadiver, there will only be 3 songs available to unlock. New songs will show up after other songs are unlocked. 

Each song has 10000 HP. You unlock the difficulties of the chart after hitting the
HP thresholds of 1000 NOV, 2500 ADV, 5000 EXH, and 10000 MXM. Playing on higher
difficulties lets you do more damage. Also, you can only unlock up to the
difficulty you are playing. For example, if you play the EXH, you can't do more
damage or go past the EXH threshold of 5000 meaning you can't unlock the MXM.

After selecting a chart, you will choose how difficult you want your gauge. The
higher the difficulty, the more damage you do, but the harder it is. In general,
HR4 is around Excessive and HR5 is even harder than that.

Hexadivers before Akasha have certain changes only applied to them. Specifically Hexadivers 1-9 from `幻想御伽篇` to `彩虹の銀幕篇`. These changes are
- **HEXA BLASTER:** You can play Hexa Diver multiple times on a single credit.
- **HEXA CONTINUE:** If you fail out of a song, your blaster energy is not consumed.
- **HEXA OVERDRIVE:** Each time a Hexa diver song is cleared, a dmg multiplier is added. This is reset every day
<br/>
<div className="text-center mb-2">
 **HEXA OVERDRIVE multiplier. Resets every day.**
</div>

<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
|Hexa Overdrive Multiplier|Initial|Once|Twice|Three|Four|Five|
|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|
|With Blaster Pass|1.0|1.1|1.2|1.3|1.4|1.5|
|Without Blaster Pass|1.5|1.6|1.7|1.8|1.9|2|
</div>

<br/>
<div className="text-center mb-2">
 **All in all, for the first 9 Hexadivers, here is about the dmg you would do.**
</div>
<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
|Hexadivers before <br/> Akasha with max multipler| HR1 | HR2 | HR3 | HR4 | HR5 |
|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|
|Dmg on MXM|3000|3750|5250|7500|10000|
|Dmg on MXM with Blaster pass|4000|5000|7000|10000|10000|
</div>

<br/>
<div className="text-center mb-2">
 **For Hexadivers after HeaveИ's Rain (Akasha and above), here is the DMG you would do.**
</div>
<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
|Hexadivers after HeaveИ's Rain | HR1 | HR2 | HR3 | HR4 | HR5 |
|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|
|Dmg on MXM|2000|2500|3500|5000|10000|
|Dmg on MXM with Blaster pass|3000|3750|5250|7500|10000|
</div>

## Tama Adventure
Tama Adventure is the unlock system for Exceed Gear. Before a credit, you
will choose what song you would like to unlock. You can change what song you are
trying to unlock in your room before you go to song select. Each song will have
a certain amount of points you need to unlock it. You get points by either
completing the missions or just playing. You will unlock lower difficulties at
different point thresholds.

At the end of a credit, your points are tallied up and it goes to unlock the
song. The amount of points you need is different based on the difficulty.
Blaster pass, Blaster start, and premium time all give you more points.

Each song has a quest that you can do to give you bonus points. You can find what
these quest are at the bottom of the screen during song select. These are in
Japanese so it is recommended to look at the [unlock
guide](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1VBYWSUaKqHUOyfCtvkHFYBSnEPwxhTh8-m4UlU8zUL0/edit?gid=594247546#gid=594247546)
to see what they are.

Each quest doesn't give you a set amount of points when you do them, rather it increases the amount you get per song every credit.

For each song, you get 3 points + the number of missions you completed. For example, if you completed 3 missions and just did a song, you would get `6` points for that song.

<br/>
<div className="text-center mb-2">
 **Multipliers applied after credit**
</div>
<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
|Multiplier|How much bonus|
|:-:|:-:|
|Blaster Pass|+5|
|Premium Time Start|1x|
|Blaster Start|2x|
|Megamix Start|2x|
</div>

Note that Megamix only counts as one song.

## Event unlocks
Event locked songs are time-gated. Every once in a while they come back. There are multiple different event unlocks styles for event songs. 

This does not include every event, just the most common ones you will see. Rarely, they will create a new event for unlocking songs. 

### Stamp
This is usually the most common event. Each song has a certain amount of stamps
you need to obtain. You gain stamps at the end of your credit. You get 1 stamp
for a standard start, and 2 stamps for anything else. (This sometimes changes, but
usually, any thing that costs more money to play will give you 2 stamps).

### Arena Shop
Every once in a while, the Arena shop will open that contains different songs
and sometimes crews. These are mostly XCD. You purchase these songs with AP. AP
is a currency only available while the arena shop is open. You gain AP at the
end of a credit depending on what you choose.

<div className="flex items-center justify-center mt-2">
<br/>
|AP|Without Blaster Pass|With Blaster Pass|
|:-:|:-:|:-:|
|Light start|200 AP|1000 AP|
|Standard Start|240 AP|1200 AP|
|Premium Time Start|400 AP|2000 AP|
|Blaster Start|400 AP|2000 AP|
|Megamix Battle|500 AP|1000 AP|
|Any Battle|500 AP|-|
|Ranked Match|1000 AP|-|
|Ultimate Match|1200 AP|-|
</div>

### Triple Tribe/Crossover
A trible tribe or also a crossover event is usually a crossover between SDVX,
DDR, and IIDX. Sometimes, one of the games isn't in it. This event involves
filling up a bar for each game to unlock songs. You have to play the different
games to unlock certain songs, and can't unlock the final song until you max out
all the bars.
