content/resources.mdx, before:

# Resources

## Table of contents

1. [Discord Servers](/resources#discord-servers)
2. [Information and Guides](/resources#information-and-guides)
3. [Tools](/resources#tools)
4. [YouTubers](/resources#youtubers)

## Discord Servers

- [SDVX Community](https://discord.gg/sdvx). Main Discord server for the English-speaking SDVX community.

## Information and Guides

- [Sound Voltex Offical Twitter](https://x.com/SOUNDVOLTEX573). The latest stuff is announced here in Japanese.
- [SDVX English Info](https://x.com/sdvx_english). Reposts what SDVX Twitter posts but in English.
- [remywiki](https://remywiki.com/Main_Page). Bemani wiki with everything about BEMANI games. Can find every song and how to unlock it with other information here.
- [Voltexes Guides](https://voltexes.com/). Bit outdated but has some good guides on SDVX. A good amount of information comes from here.
- [Amy's Nerdy Corner](https://mobiuslau.github.io/sdvx/). Bit outdated but has helpful resource lists and a visual reference for controls and settings.
- [BEMANIWIKI](https://bemaniwiki.com/). Japanese wiki for BEMANI games. Detailed and informative but rather impenetrable if you don't know Japanese.
- [namuwiki](https://namu.wiki/w/%EC%82%AC%EC%9A%B4%EB%93%9C%20%EB%B3%BC%ED%85%8D%EC%8A%A4). Korean wiki pages for SDVX. Detailed and informative but rather impenetrable if you don't know Korean.

## Tools

### For official charts

- [sdvx.in](https://sdvx.in/). Chart viewer for official charts. Lets you study full charts in an easy way.
- [Vaddict](https://vaddict.b35.jp/). Create an image to see your best 50 plays. Only works for the arcade. [Here a guide on how to use it](https://voltexes.com/how-to-use-vaddict/)
- [maya S Tier list](https://sdvx.maya2silence.com/table). Show difficulty tier lists for S and PUC for 17+. Note that Score difficulty ≠ Clear difficulty
- [SDVX Konaste Tables](https://konastetables.com/). A difficulty tier list viewer and progress tracker for Konaste charts only.

### For custom charts

- [Nautica](https://ksm.dev/). Site for uploading/downloading custom charts. Integrated into USC.
- [viewksm.dev](https://viewksm.dev/). Chart viewer for Nautica charts; you can also upload custom charts to view.

## YouTubers

This doesn't name every SDVX YouTuber, just the more popular ones.

#### Top Players

- [MINI](https://www.youtube.com/@minisdvx7740). Current best player. Has reached the maximum volforce possible.
- [DDX](https://www.youtube.com/@DDX). Plays and PUCs just about every chart in the game.
- [Leviern](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJTia5N5iJPEfaEUTcnErxw). First American to PUC a 20, reach IMP 3, and compete in BPL.
- [Potesatsu](https://www.youtube.com/@potesatsu1018). Japanese top player known for his sightreading prowess.
- [BOLL](https://www.youtube.com/@BollC14). Japanese top player who often does extremely long streams on weekends.
- [Jakads](https://www.youtube.com/@Jakads_realkk). While doesn't often post SDVX, he is the only player other than MINI that is Max VF. Sometimes streams new 20's.

#### General Content
- [Neardayo](https://www.youtube.com/@Neardayo). Usually first to upload all new content. Has a lot of bonus SDVX content as well
- [DDX](https://www.youtube.com/@DDX). Also often first to upload new charts with PUC.

Commit message:

added blogs section to resources

content/resources.mdx, after:

# Resources

## Table of contents

1. [Discord Servers](#discord-servers)
2. [Information and Guides](#information-and-guides)
3. [Tools](#tools)
4. [YouTubers](#youtubers)
5. [Blogs](#blogs)

## Discord Servers

- [SDVX Community](https://discord.gg/sdvx). Main Discord server for the English-speaking SDVX community.

## Information and Guides

- [Sound Voltex Offical Twitter](https://x.com/SOUNDVOLTEX573). The latest stuff is announced here in Japanese.
- [SDVX English Info](https://x.com/sdvx_english). Reposts what SDVX Twitter posts but in English.
- [remywiki](https://remywiki.com/Main_Page). Bemani wiki with everything about BEMANI games. Can find every song and how to unlock it with other information here.
- [Voltexes Guides](https://voltexes.com/). Bit outdated but has some good guides on SDVX. A good amount of information comes from here.
- [Amy's Nerdy Corner](https://mobiuslau.github.io/sdvx/). Bit outdated but has helpful resource lists and a visual reference for controls and settings.
- [BEMANIWIKI](https://bemaniwiki.com/). Japanese wiki for BEMANI games. Detailed and informative but rather impenetrable if you don't know Japanese.
- [namuwiki](https://namu.wiki/w/%EC%82%AC%EC%9A%B4%EB%93%9C%20%EB%B3%BC%ED%85%8D%EC%8A%A4). Korean wiki pages for SDVX. Detailed and informative but rather impenetrable if you don't know Korean.

## Tools

### For official charts

- [sdvx.in](https://sdvx.in/). Chart viewer for official charts. Lets you study full charts in an easy way.
- [Vaddict](https://vaddict.b35.jp/). Create an image to see your best 50 plays. Only works for the arcade. [Here a guide on how to use it](https://voltexes.com/how-to-use-vaddict/)
- [maya S Tier list](https://sdvx.maya2silence.com/table). Show difficulty tier lists for S and PUC for 17+. Note that Score difficulty ≠ Clear difficulty
- [SDVX Konaste Tables](https://konastetables.com/). A difficulty tier list viewer and progress tracker for Konaste charts only.

### For custom charts

- [Nautica](https://ksm.dev/). Site for uploading/downloading custom charts. Integrated into USC.
- [viewksm.dev](https://viewksm.dev/). Chart viewer for Nautica charts; you can also upload custom charts to view.

## YouTubers

This doesn't name every SDVX YouTuber, just the more popular ones.

#### Top Players

- [MINI](https://www.youtube.com/@minisdvx7740). Current best player. Has reached the maximum volforce possible.
- [DDX](https://www.youtube.com/@DDX). Plays and PUCs just about every chart in the game.
- [leviern](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJTia5N5iJPEfaEUTcnErxw). First American to PUC a 20, reach IMP 3, and compete in BPL.
- [Potesatsu](https://www.youtube.com/@potesatsu1018). Japanese top player known for his sightreading prowess.
- [BOLL](https://www.youtube.com/@BollC14). Japanese top player who often does extremely long streams on weekends.
- [Jakads](https://www.youtube.com/@Jakads_realkk). While doesn't often post SDVX, he is the only player other than MINI that is Max VF. Sometimes streams new 20's.

#### General Content
- [Neardayo](https://www.youtube.com/@Neardayo). Usually first to upload all new content. Has a lot of bonus SDVX content as well
- [DDX](https://www.youtube.com/@DDX). Also often first to upload new charts with PUC. 

## Blogs

- [MINI's note](https://note.com/mini208). Writes about tips and tricks for players, quirks with the SDVX engine and charts, and his history and experiences.
- [leviern's note](https://note.com/leviern). Writes about his life in Japan and experiences as a pro SDVX player.
