content/terminology/termsandvocab.mdx, before:

# Terms and Vocab
## Table of Contents
1. [Intro](#intro)
2. [Clears](#clears)
    1. [S-PUC/Max/Max-0](#s-pucmaxmax-0)
    2. [PUC/Perfect Ultimate Chain/Perfect](#pucperfect-ultimate-chainperfect)
    3. [UC/Ultimate Chain/Full Combo/FC](#ucultimate-chainfull-combofc)
    4. [Hard clear/Excessive Clear](#hard-clearexcessive-clear)
    5. [Clear/Effective Clear](#cleareffective-clear)
    6. [Crash/Fail](#crashfail)
3. [Scoring](#scoring)
    1. [S](#s)
    2. [Ex-score](#ex-score)
    3. [Max-`x`](#max-x)
4. [Ways to play](#ways-to-play)
    1. [Arcade/Cab/AC](#arcadecabac)
    2. [Konasute コナステ](#konasute-コナステ)
    3. [USC/Untitled Sound Voltex Clone](#uscuntitled-sound-voltex-clone)
    4. [KSM/K-Shoot Mania](#ksmk-shoot-mania)
5. [Controls](#controls)
    1. [BT](#bt)
    2. [FX](#fx)
    3. [Knobs](#knobs)
6. [General Terms](#general-terms)
    1. [Tsumami つまみ/Lasers/Knobs](#tsumami-つまみlasersknobs)
    2. [Chips/Notes/Buttons](#chipsnotesbuttons)
    3. [Charts/Maps](#chartsmaps)
    4. [NOV, ADV, EXH, MXM, INF, GRV, HVN, VVD, XCD](#nov-adv-exh-mxm-inf-grv-hvn-vvd-xcd)
    5. [Effector](#effector)
    6. [Mirror](#mirror)
    7. [Random](#random)
    8. [S-Random](#s-random)
    9. [V-Random](#v-random)
7. [Miscellaneous](#miscellaneous)
	1. [Mindblock](#mindblock)
	2. [Session](#session)
	3. [Warm-up](#warm-up)
	4. [Skill floor](#skill-floor)
	5. [Skill ceiling](#skill-ceiling)
	6. [Earth power](#earth-power)
	7. [Skillsets](#skillsets)

## Intro
Here, you will find common terms and vocabulary used in conversations about SDVX.

This will mainly go over SDVX terms, there are other terms that exist. For more general terms, you can look at [this video](https://youtu.be/CVm5y4TQjXI)


## Clears
#### S-PUC/Max/Max-0
This is when you get only S-Crit and above, meaning no crits, nears, or errors. 

#### PUC/Perfect Ultimate Chain/Perfect
This is when you get only crits and above, meaning no nears or errors. 

It is also called a Perfect Ultimate Chain in-game

#### UC/Ultimate Chain/Full Combo/FC
This is when you get no errors in a chart. You keep your combo throughout the chart.

It is also called an Ultimate Chain in-game

#### Hard clear/Excessive Clear
This is clearing with the gauge that starts at 100% and goes to 0%. This gauge is considered harder than a normal clear, hence **Hard** clear.

#### Clear/Effective Clear
This is a clear with the gauge that starts at 0% and you have to be over 70% gauge.

#### Crash/Fail
This is when you fail a chart either by not getting the 70% mark, hitting 0% on Excessive gauge, or quitting out.

## Scoring
#### S
This is a score above 9,900,000. This is commonly what people aim for when going for accuracy. See more about scores and grades [here](/startingout/playingscoring)

#### Ex-score
This is an alternative form of scoring that factors in S-Crits which is a tighter timing window. 

#### Max-`x`
`x` in this refers to any number.

This refers to how far away you were from a max-0. For example, if you were max-2, that means you were 2 crits away from a max-0 or a S-PUC.

Notably, if you score good enough instead of showing a percentage for your max score, it will show a MAX-`x`.

## Ways to play
#### Arcade/Cab/AC
This refers to playing on an Arcade Cabinet of SDVX.

#### Konasute コナステ
This refers to playing the official online version of SDVX made by Konami. 

#### USC/Untitled Sound Voltex Clone
This refers to playing with [USC](https://github.com/Drewol/unnamed-sdvx-clone), the newer simulator of SDVX. 

#### KSM/K-Shoot Mania
This refers to playing with [KSM or K-Shoot Mania](https://www.kshootmania.com/en/), an older simulator of SDVX.

## Controls
#### BT
BT means the white big buttons. These are orders from BT-A, BT-B, BT-C, BT-D from left to right. So, the leftmost button is BT-A while the rightmost button is BT-D.

#### FX
FX means the smaller orange buttons under the BT buttons. These are either FX-L meaning FX left, or FX-R meaning FX right.

#### Knobs
These refer to the knobs on the left and right of the controller. By default, the left one is blue and the right one is red.


## General Terms
#### Tsumami つまみ/Lasers/Knobs
This refers to the lasers. In the game, lasers are referenced as Tsumami.

#### Chips/Notes/Buttons
Refers to the BT and FX buttons of a chart. 

#### Charts/Maps
These reference the charts of the songs. The correct word for this is Chart.

#### NOV, ADV, EXH, MXM, INF, GRV, HVN, VVD, XCD
These represent the difficulties of each song. NOV, or novice, is the easiest while MXM, or maxmium, is the hardest.

These each have their own full names which can be seen here
<div className="flex items-center justify-center mt-5">
|Acronym | Name |
|:-:|:-:|
|NOV| Novice |
|ADV| Advance |
|EXH| Exhaust |
|MXM| Maximum |
|INF| Infinite |
|GRV| Gravity |
|HVN| Heaven |
|VVD| Vivid |
|XCD| Exceed |
</div>

Note that INF-XCD means that a chart has another difficulty in that specified
version. For example, if a chart got another difficulty in Sound Voltex Vivid
Wave, would be a VVD difficulty.

#### Effector
The person who made the chart.

#### Mirror
A game option that allows you to flip the lanes horizontally, similar to many other rhythm games. Can be used as a challenge or a way to combat mindblock.

#### Random
A game option that randomly swaps the position of each lanes and lasers. Note that BT lanes are swapped to each other and the same is true for FX lanes.

#### S-Random
A game option similar to Random but instead of swapping the position of the lanes, the game swaps the position of every individual notes and lasers, resulting in a very chaotic gameplay.

#### V-Random
A hidden game option that constantly changes the color of both your lasers, giving them an RGB-like effect. This option was intended as an April Fools joke.

## Miscellaneous

#### Mindblock
A phenomenon where you are mentally blocked from properly reading a pattern. This usually happens when you grind a chart continuously for too long. You can get mindblocked to a pattern specifically to a chart or globally. To combat mindblock, it is advised to take a break from the chart that caused the mindblock in the first place.

#### Session
A gaming session, can be at home or arcade.

#### Warm-up
A time period in a session where you spend getting mentally and physically prepared. This usually take up the first 30% of your session's length. Each player has their own warm-up routine but generally they are consisted of playing lower levels.

#### Skill floor
The range of one's consistence performance. Can be understood as their "average skill level". When looking at one's best 50 scores, the skill floor can be reflected by their lower 30 scores.

#### Skill ceiling
One's ability to inconsistently perform better than their skill floor. Can be understood as their "upper skill level". Being able to consistently demonstrate this performance turns it into a floor. When looking at one's best 50 scores, the skill floor can be reflected by their upper 20 scores.

#### Earth power
Loosely similar to *skill floor* - Your general ability to read and hit notes, not specific to any rhythm games. Can be used to imply one's skill level at playing rhythm game.

For example: If a player who is regarded as having high earth power moves to a new rhythm game, they are expected to perform decently well in that game too.

#### Skillsets
One's skill to execute different "aspects" of a rhythm game. For example in Sound Voltex, 6 parameters in the skill radar can be considered as 6 skillsets.

Commit message:

rearrange misc terms and add converts

content/terminology/termsandvocab.mdx, after:

# Terms and Vocab
## Table of Contents
1. [Intro](#intro)
2. [Clears](#clears)
    1. [S-PUC/Max/Max-0](#s-pucmaxmax-0)
    2. [PUC/Perfect Ultimate Chain/Perfect](#pucperfect-ultimate-chainperfect)
    3. [UC/Ultimate Chain/Full Combo/FC](#ucultimate-chainfull-combofc)
    4. [Hard clear/Excessive Clear](#hard-clearexcessive-clear)
    5. [Clear/Effective Clear](#cleareffective-clear)
    6. [Crash/Fail](#crashfail)
3. [Scoring](#scoring)
    1. [S](#s)
    2. [Ex-score](#ex-score)
    3. [Max-`x`](#max-x)
4. [Ways to play](#ways-to-play)
    1. [Arcade/Cab/AC](#arcadecabac)
    2. [Konasute コナステ](#konasute-コナステ)
    3. [USC/Untitled Sound Voltex Clone](#uscuntitled-sound-voltex-clone)
    4. [KSM/K-Shoot Mania](#ksmk-shoot-mania)
5. [Controls](#controls)
    1. [BT](#bt)
    2. [FX](#fx)
    3. [Knobs](#knobs)
6. [General Terms](#general-terms)
    1. [Tsumami つまみ/Lasers/Knobs](#tsumami-つまみlasersknobs)
    2. [Chips/Notes/Buttons](#chipsnotesbuttons)
    3. [Charts/Maps](#chartsmaps)
    4. [NOV, ADV, EXH, MXM, INF, GRV, HVN, VVD, XCD](#nov-adv-exh-mxm-inf-grv-hvn-vvd-xcd)
    5. [Effector](#effector)
    6. [Mirror](#mirror)
    7. [Random](#random)
    8. [S-Random](#s-random)
    9. [V-Random](#v-random)
7. [Miscellaneous](#miscellaneous)
    - [Converts](#converts)
    - [Earth power](#earth-power)
	- [Mindblock](#mindblock)
	- [Session](#session)
	- [Skillsets](#skillsets)
	- [Skill ceiling](#skill-ceiling)
	- [Skill floor](#skill-floor)
	- [Warm-up](#warm-up)

## Intro
Here, you will find common terms and vocabulary used in conversations about SDVX.

This will mainly go over SDVX terms, there are other terms that exist. For more general terms, you can look at [this video](https://youtu.be/CVm5y4TQjXI)


## Clears
#### S-PUC/Max/Max-0
This is when you get only S-Crit and above, meaning no crits, nears, or errors. 

#### PUC/Perfect Ultimate Chain/Perfect
This is when you get only crits and above, meaning no nears or errors. 

It is also called a Perfect Ultimate Chain in-game

#### UC/Ultimate Chain/Full Combo/FC
This is when you get no errors in a chart. You keep your combo throughout the chart.

It is also called an Ultimate Chain in-game

#### Hard clear/Excessive Clear
This is clearing with the gauge that starts at 100% and goes to 0%. This gauge is considered harder than a normal clear, hence **Hard** clear.

#### Clear/Effective Clear
This is a clear with the gauge that starts at 0% and you have to be over 70% gauge.

#### Crash/Fail
This is when you fail a chart either by not getting the 70% mark, hitting 0% on Excessive gauge, or quitting out.

## Scoring
#### S
This is a score above 9,900,000. This is commonly what people aim for when going for accuracy. See more about scores and grades [here](/startingout/playingscoring)

#### Ex-score
This is an alternative form of scoring that factors in S-Crits which is a tighter timing window. 

#### Max-`x`
`x` in this refers to any number.

This refers to how far away you were from a max-0. For example, if you were max-2, that means you were 2 crits away from a max-0 or a S-PUC.

Notably, if you score good enough instead of showing a percentage for your max score, it will show a MAX-`x`.

## Ways to play
#### Arcade/Cab/AC
This refers to playing on an Arcade Cabinet of SDVX.

#### Konasute コナステ
This refers to playing the official online version of SDVX made by Konami. 

#### USC/Untitled Sound Voltex Clone
This refers to playing with [USC](https://github.com/Drewol/unnamed-sdvx-clone), the newer simulator of SDVX. 

#### KSM/K-Shoot Mania
This refers to playing with [KSM or K-Shoot Mania](https://www.kshootmania.com/en/), an older simulator of SDVX.

## Controls
#### BT
BT means the white big buttons. These are orders from BT-A, BT-B, BT-C, BT-D from left to right. So, the leftmost button is BT-A while the rightmost button is BT-D.

#### FX
FX means the smaller orange buttons under the BT buttons. These are either FX-L meaning FX left, or FX-R meaning FX right.

#### Knobs
These refer to the knobs on the left and right of the controller. By default, the left one is blue and the right one is red.


## General Terms
#### Tsumami つまみ/Lasers/Knobs
This refers to the lasers. In the game, lasers are referenced as Tsumami.

#### Chips/Notes/Buttons
Refers to the BT and FX buttons of a chart. 

#### Charts/Maps
These reference the charts of the songs. The correct word for this is Chart.

#### NOV, ADV, EXH, MXM, INF, GRV, HVN, VVD, XCD
These represent the difficulties of each song. NOV, or novice, is the easiest while MXM, or maxmium, is the hardest.

These each have their own full names which can be seen here
<div className="flex items-center justify-center mt-5">
|Acronym | Name |
|:-:|:-:|
|NOV| Novice |
|ADV| Advance |
|EXH| Exhaust |
|MXM| Maximum |
|INF| Infinite |
|GRV| Gravity |
|HVN| Heaven |
|VVD| Vivid |
|XCD| Exceed |
</div>

Note that INF-XCD means that a chart has another difficulty in that specified
version. For example, if a chart got another difficulty in Sound Voltex Vivid
Wave, would be a VVD difficulty.

#### Effector
The person who made the chart.

#### Mirror
A game option that allows you to flip the lanes horizontally, similar to many other rhythm games. Can be used as a challenge or a way to combat mindblock.

#### Random
A game option that randomly swaps the position of each lanes and lasers. Note that BT lanes are swapped to each other and the same is true for FX lanes.

#### S-Random
A game option similar to Random but instead of swapping the position of the lanes, the game swaps the position of every individual notes and lasers, resulting in a very chaotic gameplay.

#### V-Random
A hidden game option that constantly changes the color of both your lasers, giving them an RGB-like effect. This option was intended as an April Fools joke.

## Miscellaneous

#### Convert
A recreation of an official chart intended for play in simulators.

#### Earth power
Loosely similar to *skill floor* - Your general ability to read and hit notes, not specific to any rhythm games. Can be used to imply one's skill level at playing rhythm game.

For example: If a player who is regarded as having high earth power moves to a new rhythm game, they are expected to perform decently well in that game too.

#### Mindblock
A phenomenon where you are mentally blocked from properly reading a pattern. This usually happens when you grind a chart continuously for too long. You can get mindblocked to a pattern specifically to a chart or globally. To combat mindblock, it is advised to take a break from the chart that caused the mindblock in the first place.

#### Session
A gaming session, can be at home or arcade.

#### Skillsets
One's skill to execute different "aspects" of a rhythm game. For example in Sound Voltex, 6 parameters in the skill radar can be considered as 6 skillsets.

#### Skill ceiling
One's ability to inconsistently perform better than their skill floor. Can be understood as their "upper skill level". Being able to consistently demonstrate this performance turns it into a floor. When looking at one's best 50 scores, the skill floor can be reflected by their upper 20 scores.

#### Skill floor
The range of one's consistence performance. Can be understood as their "average skill level". When looking at one's best 50 scores, the skill floor can be reflected by their lower 30 scores.

#### Warm-up
A time period in a session where you spend getting mentally and physically prepared. This usually take up the first 30% of your session's length. Each player has their own warm-up routine but generally they are consisted of playing lower levels.
