content/setup/konasute.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from "nextra/components";

# Setting up Konasute
## Table of Contents
1. [Intro](/setup/konasute#intro)
2. [Setup](/setup/konasute#setup)
    1. [Creating a Konami Account](/setup/konasute#creating-a-konami-account)
    2. [Downloading Konasute](/setup/konasute#downloading-konasute)
    3. [Options](/setup/konasute#options)
3. [Purchasing Konasute and Packs](/setup/konasute#purchasing-konasute-and-packs)
    1. [Purchasing Basic Course](/setup/konasute#purchasing-basic-course)
    2. [Song packs](/setup/konasute#song-packs)
4. [References](/setup/konasute#references)
## Intro

<Callout>
  There is a really good guide
  [here](https://voltexes.com/setting-up-sound-voltex-konasute-exceed-gear/)
  that talks about setting up Konasute. While some small things has changed, this
  takes a lot of information from there.
</Callout>
<Callout>
  For setting up e-amusement, there is a good website
  [here](https://3icecream.com/tutorial/check-eamuse) that helps you set it up.
  While it is for DDR, most of it still applies here.
</Callout>
This section will cover setting up Konasute which is the official PC port of
SDVX made by Konami.

#### Pros

- Uses the same engine as the arcade version
- 120Hz support
- Infinite quick retries
- Quick crash out
- Ability to see scores from arcade

#### Cons

- Monthly subscription fee of 1,628 yen
- Expensive song packs (although there are occasional 50% off sales)
- Daily scheduled maintenance that prevents you from launching the game during that time

If you want to know what songs are included with the basic course or each song
pack, you can check [here](https://www.myshkin.io/sdvx/songlist).
Every couple months, Konami will add new songs to the basic course.

## Setup
### Creating a Konami account

The first thing is setting up your Konami account. This account will let you
customize your games, buy Konasute and song packs, and store all your data among
other things.

First, you want to head to the [My Konami](https://my.konami.net/en_US) website
and click register. Fill out all your information and make sure to select Japan
for your region otherwise you will be locked out of purchasing Konasute. You can
also change your region [here](https://my1.konami.net/ja/personal-info) if you
accidentally didn't select Japan.

### Downloading Konasute

Head to the [Konasute website](https://p.eagate.573.jp/game/eacsdvx/vi/index.html) and click install in the top right. If you are not logged in, you won't see this button and instead it will be replaced by a login button.
Click `同意してインストーラーをダウンロード` to download the launcher.

<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
   <img src="/konasute/launcher.png" width="600" />
</div>

This will start the download for the launcher. Upon opening the launcher, it will all be in Japanese. To go through it

- Click `次へ` (Next)
- Accept the terms with the checkbox and click `次へ` (Next)
- Change the game data install or leave it as default and click `次へ` (Next)
- Click `インストール` (Install)
- Click `終了` (Finish)

You can now open the game. By default it is installed at `C:/Games/SOUND VOLTEX EXCEED GEAR`.
From there you can head to `/game/modules` and run `sv6c.exe`. You can also open the launcher by heading to [this
site](https://p.eagate.573.jp/game/konasteapp/API/login/login.html?game_id=sdvx).

The launcher will take you to a website in which you will have to login. This
acts as a launcher for the game. You have to go through this website to start up
Konasute. You can bookmark this website as a way to launch the game.
Pressing `ゲーム起動` will start the game.

<Callout emoji="⚠️" type="warning">
  Konasute and Konami services are always down between 5 AM to 7 AM JST every
  day. You will be unable to launch the game or access the website during these
  times. Read more [here](/compendium/downtime)
</Callout>
<br />
<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
   <img src="/konasute/starting1.png" width="600" />
</div>

If you just recently opened the website then closed it, it might think you are
opening it twice and show you a different screen. Press `起動処理を続ける` to
continue.

This will open the launcher. You will get a notification that you need to
download the game. Click `OK` and you will go to another menu in which you press
`UPDATE` to start downloading the game. If this doesn't pop up, you can also
press the button in the top right called `ファイル確認` to get to the menu.

You will now install Konasute which is known to take some time as Konami limits
how fast you can download.

When it is done another menu will open showing you it's done. If you check the
box in the middle and press close, the launcher will reopen. You can now start
the game with `GAME START` but you might want to configure some options first.

### Options

Pressing the `SETTING` button will open the options for the game. All of it is in Japanese. Here is a translation of everything.

<br />
<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
  <img src="/konasute/settings1.png" width="500" />
</div>

- **Windows options, from top to bottom:**
  - Fullscreen `フルスクリーン`
  - Fit window (borderless windowed) `フイツトウインドウ`
  - Windowed `ウインドウ`

- **Monitor:** Which monitor you want the game to launch on

- **Game rotation:** Choose which way you want the game rotated. If
  you want to play portrait and you set your monitor portrait in Windows settings,
  keep it on the top left option. Otherwise, select the bottom right.

- **Resolution:** Resolution of the game. Note that the game will automatically scale to 1080p no matter what you choose.

- **Frame rate:** 120hz and 60hz.

<br />
<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
  <img src="/konasute/settings2.png" width="500" />
</div>

If you are using a FauceTwo or YuanCon, you should not touch this. It should
work by default assuming you are in eAC mode (check your controller's manual to
see how to change modes). If it doesn't press the `デフォルトに戻す` button.

<br />
<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
   <img src="/konasute/settings3.png" width="500" />
</div>

These are the audio settings.

- **DirectSound:** Highest latency. Doesn't take over audio driver.
- **WASAPI Exclusive:** Lower latency than WASAPI shared, about the same as ASIO. Takes over audio driver.
- **WASAPI Shared:** Higher latency than WASAPI exclusive. Doesn't take over audio driver
- **ASIO:** The best option if available, can provide very low latency while still allowing other apps to play audio.

An important thing to note is to make sure your audio devices are set to 44.1khz sample rate.

[Here](https://github.com/SakifX9/Rhythm-Game-Optimisations/blob/main/Voicemeeter/How%20to%20setup%20Voicemeeter%20for%20Rhythm%20Games.md) is a good guide for setting up ASIO and getting the best latency.
If you don't care too much, WASAPI shared should be good enough.

Once you have your settings how you want them, you can press `保存` (save) and `終
了` (finish). Finally, you can press `GAME START` to finally launch the game.

Since you haven't purchased the basic course, you will only have 5 songs available and
are limited to one play before it kicks you out. Use this to test if
the game works for you. If you encounter any problems, try to resolve them before purchasing the basic course.

## Purchasing Konasute and Packs

### Purchasing Basic Course

To play Konasute, you have to subscribe to the basic course of the game. This
comes with around 688 default songs with more being added occasionally. You can check out the default song list [here](https://www.myshkin.io/sdvx/songlist).

The recommended way to purchase the basic course is to use Paseli. You can also link it
to a credit card if you want, but it's recommended to just use Paseli since you
have to use Paseli to purchase song packs. You also get points back.

Head to the [Paseli website](https://paseli.konami.net/charge/top.html) and log
in. Click the green button in the center named `ここをクリックしてチャージ方法を
選択` and press `クレジットカード` for credit card. You can use a debit card
with the credit card option.

<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
  ![paseli](/konasute/paseli.png)
</div>

After, you have to add the Paseli to your account. You need a total of 1,628 円
(roughly $10.52 USD at the time of writing). Select how much Paseli you want and click
the red checkmark and button at the bottom should turn green. Press it to finish
your payment.

Everything will be in Japanese, so here is a rough translation of everything that you need to fill out. Press `確認` to finish.

<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
  ![paseli2](/konasute/paseli2.png)
</div>

After that you can now purchase the basic course for Konasute. Go
[here](https://p.eagate.573.jp/payment/p/course_detail.html?course=eac_sdvx_basic)
and click `了承する` at the bottom. Check Paseli and click `次へ`. This should
start your subscription and you should now be able to play Konasute. Simply boot
up the game how you did before and play!

### Song packs

To get more songs, and specifically level 20 charts, you will need to buy song packs. These
can be pretty expensive and it is recommended to wait for a sale where most of
the packs go 50% off. These sales can happen anytime and usually last for about
a week or so. To know when a sale happens, you can either follow:

- [@SOUNDVOLTEX573](https://twitter.com/SOUNDVOLTEX573) - Offical Sound Voltex account where all announcements are made. Twitter/X
- [@sdvx_english](https://twitter.com/sdvx_english) - All the announcements but in english. Twitter/X
- [SDVX Community Discord](https://discord.com/invite/sdvx) - Announcements get posted here with a channel you can follow to track the Twitter account.

To see and purchase all the song packs head to [the e-amusement
shop](https://p.eagate.573.jp/gate/p/eamusement/coop/mall.html?fromlist&dt=%2F%E3%82%B3%E3%83%8A%E3%82%B9%E3%83%86%20SOUND%20VOLTEX%2F%E6%A5%BD%E6%9B%B2%E3%83%91%E3%83%83%E3%82%AF%2F).
Here is where you can see and purchase all the song packs. To know what's in
each pack, you can head to [this website](https://www.myshkin.io/sdvx/songlist)
and sort by song pack in the `Availability (PC)` dropdown, or head to
[here](https://p.eagate.573.jp/game/eacsdvx/vi/music/index.html) and sort with
the `プレー条件` drop down.

## References

- [voltexes.com guide](https://voltexes.com/setting-up-sound-voltex-konasute-exceed-gear/)
- [3icecream.com e-amusement set-up](https://3icecream.com/tutorial/check-eamuse)
- [Offical Sound Voltex Twitter/X](https://twitter.com/SOUNDVOLTEX573)
- [myshkin.io Konasute songlist](https://www.myshkin.io/sdvx/songlist)
- [Offical Konasute Website](https://p.eagate.573.jp/game/eacsdvx/vi/index.html)

Commit message:

Moved around, Added konasute optimisations.

content/setup/konasute.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from "nextra/components";

# Setting up Konasute
## Table of Contents
1. [Intro](/setup/konasute#intro)
2. [Setup](/setup/konasute#setup)
    1. [Creating a Konami Account](/setup/konasute#creating-a-konami-account)
    2. [Downloading Konasute](/setup/konasute#downloading-konasute)
    3. [Options](/setup/konasute#options)
3. [Purchasing Konasute and Packs](/setup/konasute#purchasing-konasute-and-packs)
    1. [Purchasing Basic Course](/setup/konasute#purchasing-basic-course)
    2. [Song packs](/setup/konasute#song-packs)
4. [References](/setup/konasute#references)
## Intro

<Callout>
  There is a really good guide
  [here](https://voltexes.com/setting-up-sound-voltex-konasute-exceed-gear/)
  that talks about setting up Konasute. While some small things has changed, this
  takes a lot of information from there.
</Callout>
<Callout>
  For setting up e-amusement, there is a good website
  [here](https://3icecream.com/tutorial/check-eamuse) that helps you set it up.
  While it is for DDR, most of it still applies here.
</Callout>
This section will cover setting up Konasute which is the official PC port of
SDVX made by Konami.

#### Pros

- Uses the same engine as the arcade version
- 120Hz support
- Infinite quick retries
- Quick crash out
- Ability to see scores from arcade

#### Cons

- Monthly subscription fee of 1,628 yen
- Expensive song packs (although there are occasional 50% off sales)
- Daily scheduled maintenance that prevents you from launching the game during that time

If you want to know what songs are included with the basic course or each song
pack, you can check [here](https://www.myshkin.io/sdvx/songlist).
Every couple months, Konami will add new songs to the basic course.

## Setup
### Creating a Konami account

The first thing is setting up your Konami account. This account will let you
customize your games, buy Konasute and song packs, and store all your data among
other things.

First, you want to head to the [My Konami](https://my.konami.net/en_US) website
and click register. Fill out all your information and make sure to select Japan
for your region otherwise you will be locked out of purchasing Konasute. You can
also change your region [here](https://my1.konami.net/ja/personal-info) if you
accidentally didn't select Japan.

### Downloading Konasute

Head to the [Konasute website](https://p.eagate.573.jp/game/eacsdvx/vi/index.html) and click install in the top right. If you are not logged in, you won't see this button and instead it will be replaced by a login button.
Click `同意してインストーラーをダウンロード` to download the launcher.

<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
   <img src="/konasute/launcher.png" width="600" />
</div>

This will start the download for the launcher. Upon opening the launcher, it will all be in Japanese. To go through it

- Click `次へ` (Next)
- Accept the terms with the checkbox and click `次へ` (Next)
- Change the game data install or leave it as default and click `次へ` (Next)
- Click `インストール` (Install)
- Click `終了` (Finish)

You can now open the game. By default it is installed at `C:/Games/SOUND VOLTEX EXCEED GEAR`.
From there you can head to `/game/modules` and run `sv6c.exe`. You can also open the launcher by heading to [this
site](https://p.eagate.573.jp/game/konasteapp/API/login/login.html?game_id=sdvx).

The launcher will take you to a website in which you will have to login. This
acts as a launcher for the game. You have to go through this website to start up
Konasute. You can bookmark this website as a way to launch the game.
Pressing `ゲーム起動` will start the game.

<Callout emoji="⚠️" type="warning">
  Konasute and Konami services are always down between 5 AM to 7 AM JST every
  day. You will be unable to launch the game or access the website during these
  times. Read more [here](/compendium/downtime)
</Callout>
<br />
<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
   <img src="/konasute/starting1.png" width="600" />
</div>

If you just recently opened the website then closed it, it might think you are
opening it twice and show you a different screen. Press `起動処理を続ける` to
continue.

This will open the launcher. You will get a notification that you need to
download the game. Click `OK` and you will go to another menu in which you press
`UPDATE` to start downloading the game. If this doesn't pop up, you can also
press the button in the top right called `ファイル確認` to get to the menu.

You will now install Konasute which is known to take some time as Konami limits
how fast you can download.

When it is done another menu will open showing you it's done. If you check the
box in the middle and press close, the launcher will reopen. You can now start
the game with `GAME START` but you might want to configure some options first.

### Options

Pressing the `SETTING` button will open the options for the game. All of it is in Japanese. Here is a translation of everything.

<br />
<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
  <img src="/konasute/settings1.png" width="500" />
</div>

- **Windows options, from top to bottom:**
  - Fullscreen `フルスクリーン`
  - Fit window (borderless windowed) `フイツトウインドウ`
  - Windowed `ウインドウ`

- **Monitor:** Which monitor you want the game to launch on

- **Game rotation:** Choose which way you want the game rotated. If
  you want to play portrait and you set your monitor portrait in Windows settings,
  keep it on the top left option. Otherwise, select the bottom right.

- **Resolution:** Resolution of the game. Note that the game will automatically scale to 1080p no matter what you choose.

- **Frame rate:** 120hz and 60hz.

<br />
<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
  <img src="/konasute/settings2.png" width="500" />
</div>

If you are using a FauceTwo or YuanCon, you should not touch this. It should
work by default assuming you are in eAC mode (check your controller's manual to
see how to change modes). If it doesn't press the `デフォルトに戻す` button.

<br />
<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
   <img src="/konasute/settings3.png" width="500" />
</div>

These are the audio settings.

- **DirectSound:** Highest latency. Doesn't take over audio driver.
- **WASAPI Exclusive:** Lower latency than WASAPI shared, about the same as ASIO. Takes over audio driver.
- **WASAPI Shared:** Higher latency than WASAPI exclusive. Doesn't take over audio driver
- **ASIO:** The best option if available, can provide very low latency while still allowing other apps to play audio.

An important thing to note is to make sure your audio devices are set to 44.1khz sample rate.

[Here](https://github.com/SakifX9/Rhythm-Game-Optimisations/blob/main/Voicemeeter/How%20to%20setup%20Voicemeeter%20for%20Rhythm%20Games.md)
is a good guide for setting up ASIO and getting the best latency. If you don't
care too much, WASAPI shared should be good enough.

If you find your game running poorly or seem to have delay,
[here](https://github.com/SakifX9/Rhythm-Game-Optimisations/blob/main/Sound%20Voltex%20コナステ/Sound%20Voltex%20Optimisations.md) 
is a Konasute optimisations guide.

Once you have your settings how you want them, you can press `保存` (save) and `終
了` (finish). Finally, you can press `GAME START` to finally launch the game.

Since you haven't purchased the basic course, you will only have 5 songs available and
are limited to one play before it kicks you out. Use this to test if
the game works for you. If you encounter any problems, try to resolve them before purchasing the basic course.

## Purchasing Konasute and Packs

### Purchasing Basic Course

To play Konasute, you have to subscribe to the basic course of the game. This
comes with around 688 default songs with more being added occasionally. You can check out the default song list [here](https://www.myshkin.io/sdvx/songlist).

The recommended way to purchase the basic course is to use Paseli. You can also link it
to a credit card if you want, but it's recommended to just use Paseli since you
have to use Paseli to purchase song packs. You also get points back.

Head to the [Paseli website](https://paseli.konami.net/charge/top.html) and log
in. Click the green button in the center named `ここをクリックしてチャージ方法を
選択` and press `クレジットカード` for credit card. You can use a debit card
with the credit card option.

<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
  ![paseli](/konasute/paseli.png)
</div>

After, you have to add the Paseli to your account. You need a total of 1,628 円
(roughly $10.52 USD at the time of writing). Select how much Paseli you want and click
the red checkmark and button at the bottom should turn green. Press it to finish
your payment.

Everything will be in Japanese, so here is a rough translation of everything that you need to fill out. Press `確認` to finish.

<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
  ![paseli2](/konasute/paseli2.png)
</div>

After that you can now purchase the basic course for Konasute. Go
[here](https://p.eagate.573.jp/payment/p/course_detail.html?course=eac_sdvx_basic)
and click `了承する` at the bottom. Check Paseli and click `次へ`. This should
start your subscription and you should now be able to play Konasute. Simply boot
up the game how you did before and play!

### Song packs

To get more songs, and specifically level 20 charts, you will need to buy song packs. These
can be pretty expensive and it is recommended to wait for a sale where most of
the packs go 50% off. These sales can happen anytime and usually last for about
a week or so. To know when a sale happens, you can either follow:

- [@SOUNDVOLTEX573](https://twitter.com/SOUNDVOLTEX573) - Offical Sound Voltex account where all announcements are made. Twitter/X
- [@sdvx_english](https://twitter.com/sdvx_english) - All the announcements but in english. Twitter/X
- [SDVX Community Discord](https://discord.com/invite/sdvx) - Announcements get posted here with a channel you can follow to track the Twitter account.

To see and purchase all the song packs head to [the e-amusement
shop](https://p.eagate.573.jp/gate/p/eamusement/coop/mall.html?fromlist&dt=%2F%E3%82%B3%E3%83%8A%E3%82%B9%E3%83%86%20SOUND%20VOLTEX%2F%E6%A5%BD%E6%9B%B2%E3%83%91%E3%83%83%E3%82%AF%2F).
Here is where you can see and purchase all the song packs. To know what's in
each pack, you can head to [this website](https://www.myshkin.io/sdvx/songlist)
and sort by song pack in the `Availability (PC)` dropdown, or head to
[here](https://p.eagate.573.jp/game/eacsdvx/vi/music/index.html) and sort with
the `プレー条件` drop down.

## References

- [voltexes.com guide](https://voltexes.com/setting-up-sound-voltex-konasute-exceed-gear/)
- [3icecream.com e-amusement set-up](https://3icecream.com/tutorial/check-eamuse)
- [Offical Sound Voltex Twitter/X](https://twitter.com/SOUNDVOLTEX573)
- [myshkin.io Konasute songlist](https://www.myshkin.io/sdvx/songlist)
- [Offical Konasute Website](https://p.eagate.573.jp/game/eacsdvx/vi/index.html)
- [Voicemeeter Set-up by Sakif](https://github.com/SakifX9/Rhythm-Game-Optimisations/blob/main/Voicemeeter/How%20to%20setup%20Voicemeeter%20for%20Rhythm%20Games.md)
- [Konasute Optimisations by Sakif](https://github.com/SakifX9/Rhythm-Game-Optimisations/blob/main/Sound%20Voltex%20コナステ/Sound%20Voltex%20Optimisations.md)
