content/en/current-events.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from "nextra/components"

# Current Events
All current events happening in Sound Voltex 

## Currently Happening
<Callout>All times and dates are in JST and are in yyyy/mm/dd format.</Callout>

<Callout type="error">
As of 2025/05/03, every US cab has been rolled back to the 2025/03/24 update `KFC:U:G:A:2025032400`. Therefore, all arcade updates after this are unaccessable in the US.
</Callout>

### [Polaris Chord](https://p.eagate.573.jp/game/bemani/cross_resonance/2/index.html) 
2025/07/10 10:00 - 2025/08/17 23:59 

### [Konasute Volume 1-21 Sale](https://p.eagate.573.jp/gate/p/eamusement/coop/mall.html?dt=%2F%E3%82%B3%E3%83%8A%E3%82%B9%E3%83%86%20SOUND%20VOLTEX%2F&fromindex)
2025/06/26 10:00 - 2025/09/30 23:59

Volumes 1-21 on sale for half off. Only includes Main packs.

### [Grace Premium Generator Campaign](https://p.eagate.573.jp/game/sdvx/vi/campaign/pregene_vol6/index.html)
2025/06/26 10:00 - 2025/09/01 23:59

Get an e-amusement card for completing the generator

### [花芽すみれ Premium Generator](https://p.eagate.573.jp/game/sdvx/vi/campaign/sumire-kaga/index.html)
2025/06/24 10:00 - 2025/07/25 23:59

Get an e-amusement and a stand for completing the generator

Commit message:

Update for current events, and U region stuff.

content/en/current-events.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from "nextra/components"

# Current Events
All current events happening in Sound Voltex 

## Currently Happening
<Callout>All times and dates are in JST and are in yyyy/mm/dd format.</Callout>

### [Triple Tribe](https://p.eagate.573.jp/game/bpl/season5/event/triple_tribe_zero/)
2025/07/17 10:00 - 2026/08/31 23:59

Crossover between DDR, SDVX, and IIDX. Play DDR, SDVX, and IIDX to unlock new songs for all games.

### [Polaris Chord](https://p.eagate.573.jp/game/bemani/cross_resonance/2/index.html) 
2025/07/10 10:00 - 2025/08/17 23:59 

Play games on Polaris Chord to unlock new songs.

### [Konasute Volume 1-21 Sale](https://p.eagate.573.jp/gate/p/eamusement/coop/mall.html?dt=%2F%E3%82%B3%E3%83%8A%E3%82%B9%E3%83%86%20SOUND%20VOLTEX%2F&fromindex)
2025/06/26 10:00 - 2025/09/30 23:59

Volumes 1-21 on sale for half off. Only includes Main packs.

### [Grace Premium Generator Campaign](https://p.eagate.573.jp/game/sdvx/vi/campaign/pregene_vol6/index.html)
2025/06/26 10:00 - 2025/09/01 23:59

Get an e-amusement card for completing the generator

### [花芽すみれ Premium Generator](https://p.eagate.573.jp/game/sdvx/vi/campaign/sumire-kaga/index.html)
2025/06/24 10:00 - 2025/07/25 23:59

Get an e-amusement and a stand for completing the generator
