content/en/controllers/parts.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from "nextra/components";
import { Image } from "../../../components/Media";

# Parts

## Table of Contents
- [Intro](#intro)
- [Parts](#parts-1)
  - [Buttons](#buttons)
    - [DJDAO/Chinese](#djdaochinese)
    - [Sanwa](#sanwa)
  - [Switches](#switches)
    - [Honeywell](#honeywell)
    - [OMRON](#omron)
    - [OBSA-LHS1F](#obsa-lhs1f)
  - [Springs](#springs)
  - [Recommendations](#recommendations)
- [Where to Buy](#where-to-buy)

## Intro
<Callout>
  This guide assumes you have a customizable Arcade-size Controller (ASC).
</Callout>

<Image src="/controllers/parts/breakdown.png" alt="button assembly breakdown" />

The three main things to customize are buttons, switches, and springs. Buttons are what you physically push down to activate a switch and are given weight by a spring inside. Switches have their own weight and provide a tactile click which contribute most to the overall push feel.

Play configurations are commonly presented as `switch weight / spring weight`, both assumed to be in grams. For example, a 100g switch paired with a 20g spring is called a `100/20` configuration.

There are no tools required to swap out any of these parts.

<div className="flex justify-center mt-8">
  <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/jq8qG_f6xfs?si=Cs-V5e7PgaTQxXJh" title="YouTube video player" frameBorder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerPolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowFullScreen />
</div>

## Parts

### Buttons
There are two types of buttons: DJDAO (also known as Chinese buttons) and Sanwa. All official Sound Voltex cabinets use Sanwa buttons. Buttons are a one-time purchase. They rarely, if ever, break or need to be replaced.


#### DJDAO/Chinese
\+ Cheaper\
\- Made of lower quality plastic\
\- More likely to get stuck

#### Sanwa
\+ High quality plastic\
\+ Same buttons used in arcade cabinets\
\- Expensive (around $100 for a full set)


### Switches

#### Honeywell
- Cheap
- Poor quality and durability
- Often very light which leads to accidental presses

<Image className="w-48" src="/controllers/parts/honeywell.jpg" alt="honeywell switch" />

#### OMRON
- Most common switches for ASCs
- Good quality and durability

<Image className="w-48" src="/controllers/parts/omron.webp" alt="omron switch" />

#### OBSA-LHS1F
- Expensive
- Only compatible with Sanwa Buttons
- Used in arcade cabinets
- Inconsistent durability depending on production batch

<Image className="w-48" src="/controllers/parts/lhs1f.webp" alt="obsa-lhs1f switch" />

These are commonly referred to as "integrated" switches as the switch is housed (somewhat permanently) inside of the lampholder:

<Image src="/controllers/parts/integrated_switch.png" alt="integrated switch" />

Unfortunately this means you have to buy an entire replacement instead of just replacing the switch if one dies.

### Springs 

Springs come in various weights between 20g and 100g. Heavier springs rebound the buttons faster which can make certain patterns easier but can get tiring to press. On the other hand, lighter springs do not rebound as fast but take less energy overall.

<Image src="/controllers/parts/springs.png" alt="springs" />

Although these springs are made by Sanwa, they are compatible with both DJDAO/Chinese and Sanwa buttons.

### Recommendations

Switch and spring configuration is ultimately a matter of preference; players have found success with all sorts of combinations. Other factors such as technique matter too, so do not fall into the trap of thinking configuration is everything.

That being said, the easy recommendation is to minimize the difference between home and arcade play by copying the configuration used in Valkyrie Model cabinets:
  - For most of the world, use 100g switches with 20g springs
  - For Korea specifically, use 50g switches with anywhere from 60g to 100g springs (it seems to vary depending on the arcade)

Specific switch models:
  - OMRON V-10-1A4 (100g)
  - OMRON VX-01-1C23 (50g)
  - OMRON VX-01-1A3 (50g)
  - Sanwa OBSA-LHS1F (100g)

All OMRON switches are compatible with both DJDAO/Chinese and Sanwa buttons. Sanwa's OBSA-LHS1F switches are compatible with **Sanwa buttons only** and only recommended for players who want complete arcade accuracy.


## Where to Buy

The [Rhythm Cons Wiki](https://rhythm-cons.wiki) has exhaustive lists of where to purchase parts:

[Square (BT) Buttons](https://rhythm-cons.wiki/parts/buttons/60-60-square-buttons/)

[Rectangle (FX) Buttons](https://rhythm-cons.wiki/parts/buttons/50-33-rectangle-buttons/)

[Switches](https://rhythm-cons.wiki/parts/microswitches/)

[Springs](https://rhythm-cons.wiki/parts/springs/)

Commit message:

Added Uniana buttons information
Added Uniana buttons and also added renamed DJDAO/Chinese buttons to Chinese/Stock YuanCon and DJAO

content/en/controllers/parts.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from "nextra/components";
import { Image } from "../../../components/Media";

# Parts

## Table of Contents
- [Intro](#intro)
- [Parts](#parts-1)
  - [Buttons](#buttons)
    - [Chinese/Stock YuanCon and DJAO](#chinese-stock-yuancon-and-djao-buttons)
	- [Taiwan/Uniana](#taiwan-uniana-cab-buttons)
    - [Sanwa](#sanwa)
  - [Switches](#switches)
    - [Honeywell](#honeywell)
    - [OMRON](#omron)
    - [OBSA-LHS1F](#obsa-lhs1f)
  - [Springs](#springs)
  - [Recommendations](#recommendations)
- [Where to Buy](#where-to-buy)

## Intro
<Callout>
  This guide assumes you have a customizable Arcade-size Controller (ASC).
</Callout>

<Image src="/controllers/parts/breakdown.png" alt="button assembly breakdown" />

The three main things to customize are buttons, switches, and springs. Buttons are what you physically push down to activate a switch and are given weight by a spring inside. Switches have their own weight and provide a tactile click which contribute most to the overall push feel.

Play configurations are commonly presented as `switch weight / spring weight`, both assumed to be in grams. For example, a 100g switch paired with a 20g spring is called a `100/20` configuration.

There are no tools required to swap out any of these parts.

<div className="flex justify-center mt-8">
  <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/jq8qG_f6xfs?si=Cs-V5e7PgaTQxXJh" title="YouTube video player" frameBorder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerPolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowFullScreen />
</div>

## Parts

### Buttons
There are various types of buttons: Chinese (the stock buttons included in YuanCon and DJDAO controllers), Taiwan (the buttons used in Uniana manufactured cabs such as the cabs in Korea) Sanwa. All official Sound Voltex cabinets use Sanwa buttons. Buttons are a one-time purchase. They rarely, if ever, break or need to be replaced.


#### Chinese (Stock YuanCon and DJAO buttons)
\+ Cheaper\
\- Made of lower quality plastic\
\- More likely to get stuck

#### Taiwan (Uniana cab buttons)
\+ Cheaper\
\+ Quality plastic\
\+ Same buttons used in korean arcade cabinets\
\- Tall, might not fit in controller\
\- Forced to use their custom 60g spring

These are usually paired with Samducksa buttons for the FX keys


#### Sanwa
\+ High quality plastic\
\+ Same buttons used in arcade cabinets\
\- Expensive (around $100 for a full set)


### Switches

#### Honeywell
- Cheap
- Poor quality and durability
- Often very light which leads to accidental presses

<Image className="w-48" src="/controllers/parts/honeywell.jpg" alt="honeywell switch" />

#### OMRON
- Most common switches for ASCs
- Good quality and durability

<Image className="w-48" src="/controllers/parts/omron.webp" alt="omron switch" />

#### OBSA-LHS1F
- Expensive
- Only compatible with Sanwa Buttons
- Used in arcade cabinets
- Inconsistent durability depending on production batch

<Image className="w-48" src="/controllers/parts/lhs1f.webp" alt="obsa-lhs1f switch" />

These are commonly referred to as "integrated" switches as the switch is housed (somewhat permanently) inside of the lampholder:

<Image src="/controllers/parts/integrated_switch.png" alt="integrated switch" />

Unfortunately this means you have to buy an entire replacement instead of just replacing the switch if one dies.

### Springs 

Springs come in various weights between 20g and 100g. Heavier springs rebound the buttons faster which can make certain patterns easier but can get tiring to press. On the other hand, lighter springs do not rebound as fast but take less energy overall.

<Image src="/controllers/parts/springs.png" alt="springs" />

Although these springs are made by Sanwa, they are compatible with both Chinese and Sanwa buttons. They are NOT compatible with Taiwan buttons

### Recommendations

Switch and spring configuration is ultimately a matter of preference; players have found success with all sorts of combinations. Other factors such as technique matter too, so do not fall into the trap of thinking configuration is everything.

That being said, the easy recommendation is to minimize the difference between home and arcade play by copying the configuration used in Valkyrie Model cabinets:
  - For most of the world, use 100g switches with 20g springs
  - For Korea specifically, use 50g switches with anywhere from 60g to 100g springs (it seems to vary depending on the arcade)

Specific switch models:
  - OMRON V-10-1A4 (100g)
  - OMRON VX-01-1C23 (50g)
  - OMRON VX-01-1A3 (50g)
  - Sanwa OBSA-LHS1F (100g)

All OMRON switches are compatible with all [buttons](#buttons) listed above. Sanwa's OBSA-LHS1F switches are compatible with **Sanwa buttons only** and only recommended for players who want complete arcade accuracy.


## Where to Buy

The [Rhythm Cons Wiki](https://rhythm-cons.wiki) has exhaustive lists of where to purchase parts:

[Square (BT) Buttons](https://rhythm-cons.wiki/parts/buttons/60-60-square-buttons/)

[Rectangle (FX) Buttons](https://rhythm-cons.wiki/parts/buttons/50-33-rectangle-buttons/)

[Switches](https://rhythm-cons.wiki/parts/microswitches/)

[Springs](https://rhythm-cons.wiki/parts/springs/)
