content/en/terminology/patterns.mdx, before:

import { Image } from "../../../components/Media";

# Charting Patterns

## Table of Contents
- [Intro](#intro)
- [Tsumami/Lasers](#tsumamilasers)
  - [Slams](#slams)
  - [Box Lasers](#box-lasers)
  - [Triangle Lasers](#triangle-lasers)
  - [Wrong Side Lasers](#wrong-side-lasers)
  - [Wiggle](#wiggle)
  - [Hyena](#hyena)
- [Stream](#stream)
  - [Stairs](#stairs)
  - [Hold Stairs](#hold-stairs)
  - [Daiuchuu](#daiuchuu)
- [Chords](#chords)
  - [Chord Jack](#chord-jack)
  - [Chord Rush](#chord-rush)
  - [Chord Stair](#chord-stair)
  - [Chord Trill](#chord-trill)
  - [Hamburger](#hamburger)
  - [Denim](#denim)
- [Jacks](#jacks)
  - [Mini Jacks](#mini-jacks)
  - [Quad Jacks](#quad-jacks)
- [Trill](#trill)
  - [Hold Trill](#hold-trill)
  - [Vertical Trill](#vertical-trill)
  - [Tech Trill](#tech-trill)
- [Triplet](#triplet)
- [One-hand](#one-hand)
- [Hand-trip](#hand-trip)
- [Illegal](#illegal)

## Intro

Examples of common charting patterns.

Note that patterns can be a combination of multiple patterns at the same time. For example, streams commonly have stairs or rolls in them.

See the [Hand Positioning guide](/guides/hand-positioning) for demonstrations on how to play specific patterns.

## Tsumami/Lasers

### Slams
Refers to lasers going directly left or right.
<Image src="/terminology/patterns/slams.png" alt="slams" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p> 
- [Lunatic Mare MXM 18](https://sdvx.in/06/06554m.htm)
- [Inevitable Magic MXM 18](https://sdvx.in/06/06450m.htm)
- [Circuit Surfer MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/06/06425m.htm) Measures 99, 103, 107, 111

### Box Lasers

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/box_lasers.png" alt="box lasers" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [Chronomia MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/06/06014m.htm) Measures 74, 128, 131
- [DIABLOSIS::Nāga GRV 19](https://www.sdvx.in/03/03359m.htm) Measures 41-42, 116
- [タイムトラベル GRV 18](https://sdvx.in/05/05152m.htm) Measures 34-41

### Triangle Lasers

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/triangle_lasers.png" alt="triangle lasers" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [Believe In Yourself GRV 18](https://sdvx.in/05/05160m.htm) Measures 22-25, 62, 64, 66, 68
- [Ghost Family Living in Graveyard EXH 17](https://sdvx.in/05/05119e.htm) Measures 26-27, 30, 54-57, 112-115
- [Pet Peeve EXH 17](https://sdvx.in/03/03204e.htm) Measures 9-15, 17-22, 49-63

### Wrong Side Lasers

Lasers that are intentionally tricky as they appear on the side opposite to the input knob.

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/wrong_side_lasers.png" alt="wrong side lasers" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [αzalea EXH 17](https://sdvx.in/06/06099e.htm) Measures 92-95
- [BLAZING_LAZER MXM 18](https://sdvx.in/04/04300m.htm) Measures 34-35, 38-39, 82-83, 86-87
- [ON THE WORLD MXM 18](https://sdvx.in/06/06435m.htm) Measures 19-20, 67-69, 87-88

### Wiggle

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/wiggles.png" alt="wiggles" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [End to end XCD 19](https://www.sdvx.in/03/03246m.htm) Measures 8-9, 16-17, 56-57
- [灼熱Beach Side Bunny MXM 18](https://sdvx.in/03/03139e.htm)
- [Shanghai Wu Long EXH 17](https://sdvx.in/03/03166e.htm) Measures 36-44
 
### Hyena

Term popularized by [HYENA EXH 17](https://www.sdvx.in/02/02167e.htm)

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/hyena.png" alt="hyena" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [HYENA EXH 17](https://www.sdvx.in/02/02167e.htm)
- [HYENA XCD 19](https://sdvx.in/02/02167m.htm)
- [Opium and Purple haze MXM 18](https://sdvx.in/03/03134m.htm) Measures 28, 36, 63

## Stream

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/stream.png" alt="stream" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [Lachryma《Re:Queen’M》MXM 20](https://sdvx.in/03/03242m.htm) Measures 119-125
- [STIGMA MXM 18](https://sdvx.in/06/06249m.htm) Measures 17-20
- [細氷 MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/06/06543m.htm) Measures 23-38

### Stairs
Also referred to as rolls.

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/stairs.png" alt="stairs" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [Immortal saga MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/04/04055m.htm) Measures 56-67, 86-87
- [Lachryma《Re:Queen'M》EXH 18](https://sdvx.in/03/03242e.htm) Measures 51-59
- [《Re:miniscence》EXH 18](https://sdvx.in/06/06127e.htm) Measures 5-6, 32-34, 49, 67, 75-76


### Hold Stairs

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/hold_stairs.png" alt="hold stairs" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [αzalea MXM 19](https://www.sdvx.in/06/06099m.htm) Measures 36-38
- [Holy Trail MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/06/06197m.htm) Measures 33-40, 77-80
- [Lachryma《Re:Queen’M》MXM 20](https://sdvx.in/03/03242m.htm) Measures 51-59

### Daiuchuu

A term popularized by [大宇宙ステージ EXH 17](https://www.sdvx.in/01/01114e.htm).

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/daiuchuu.png" alt="daiuchuu" />

An alternate form with FX appears in its [GRV 19 chart](https://sdvx.in/01/01114m.htm).

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/daiuchuu_fx.png" alt="daiuchuu with fx" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [Fin.ArcDeaR MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/04/04056m.htm) Measures 78-80
- [JEHANNEDARC EXH 18](https://sdvx.in/03/03257e.htm) Measures 38-41
- [KIMIDORI Streak!! MXM 18](https://sdvx.in/04/04293m.htm) Measures 13-14, 15-16, 53-54, 55, 86-87, 88-89

## Chords

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/chords.png" alt="chords" />

### Chord Jack

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/chord_jacks.png" alt="chord jacks" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [打打打打打打打打打打 EXH 17](https://sdvx.in/02/02296m.htm) Measures 49-58
- [Verse IV MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/02/02184m.htm) Measures 41-44
- [777 MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/06/06011m.htm) Measures 350-355, 358-363, 366-371, 374-377
- [666 MXM 20](https://sdvx.in/05/05186m.htm) Measures 309-321

### Chord Rush

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/chord_rush.png" alt="chord rush" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [ΣgØ MXM 20](https://sdvx.in/05/05117m.htm) Measures 91-97
- [ΣmbryØ MXM 20](https://sdvx.in/04/04400m.htm) Measures 91-94
- [For UltraPlayers EXH 18](https://sdvx.in/02/02168e.htm) and [HVN 19](https://sdvx.in/02/02168m.htm) Measures 88-90

### Chord Stair

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/chord_stairs.png" alt="chord stairs" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [Booths of Fighters EXH 17](https://sdvx.in/02/02112e.htm) Measures 76-90
- [Ghost Family Living In Graveyard MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/05/05119m.htm) Measures 94-108
- [2 Beasts Unchained MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/06/06167m.htm) Measures 80-81

### Chord Trill

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/chord_trill.png" alt="chord trill" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [Circuit Surfer MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/06/06425m.htm) Measures 96, 115
- [INSECTICIDE HVN 19](https://sdvx.in/02/02277m.htm) Measures 92-95
- [NEMSYS ARENA World Hexathlon MXM 20](https://sdvx.in/06/06458m.htm) Measures 67-68

### Hamburger

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/hamburger.png" alt="Hamburger chord" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [KAMAITACHI MXM 18](https://sdvx.in/06/06292m.htm) Measures 54-55
- [Xronièr MXM 20](https://sdvx.in/04/04325m.htm) Measures 103-106
- [超越してしまった彼女と其を生み落した理由 EXH 17](https://sdvx.in/02/02170e.htm) Measures 62-63
- [到達してしまった僕らと夢と希望の最之果 XCD 19](https://sdvx.in/03/03078m.htm) Measures 59, 63

### Denim

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/denim.png" alt="denim" />

Can also be read as two trills if read vertically.

<p className="text-lg font-bold mt-3">Example Charts</p>
- [Bl∞min' EXH 18](https://sdvx.in/06/06239e.htm) Measures 115-116
- [U.N.オーエンは彼女なのか？ XCD 19](https://sdvx.in/02/02176m.htm) Measures 82, 86
- [真夏の海の修道女 MXM 17](https://sdvx.in/05/05037m.htm) Measures 23, 68-69

## Jacks

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/jacks.png" alt="jacks" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [Opium and Purple haze EXH 17](https://sdvx.in/03/03134e.htm) Measures 38-39, 63
- [You Are My Best RivaL!! EXH 18](https://sdvx.in/06/06272e.htm) and [MXM 20](https://sdvx.in/06/06272m.htm) Measures 58-59
- [び MXM 18](https://sdvx.in/05/05053m.htm) Measures 61-68

### Mini Jacks

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/mini_jacks.png" alt="mini jacks" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [2 Beasts Unchained MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/06/06167m.htm) Measures 74-76
- [False Cross EXH 17](https://sdvx.in/03/03041e.htm) Measures 64-65, 72-73
- [Reverenced Flower MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/06/06118m.htm) Measures 17-20, 95-98

### Quad Jacks

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/quad_jack.png" alt="quad jack" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [Ganymede kamome mix EXH 17](https://sdvx.in/01/01071e.htm) Measures 59-62
- [GERBERA MXM 18](https://sdvx.in/04/04186m.htm) Measure 100
- [GERBERA -For Finalists- MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/04/04229m.htm) Measure 100
- [初音ミクの消失 EXH 18](https://www.sdvx.in/03/03156e.htm) Measures 125-128

## Trill

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/trills.png" alt="trill" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [DEUX EX MĀXHINĀ MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/06/06314m.htm) Measures 9, 69-72, 117-122
- [Divine's:Bugscript MXM 18](https://sdvx.in/04/04278m.htm) Measures 5-11, 92, 108
- [Lachryma《Re:Queen'M》EXH 18](https://sdvx.in/03/03242e.htm) Measures 69-72, 130-132

### Hold Trill

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/hold_trills.png" alt="hold trills" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [FIN4LE ～終止線の彼方へ～ MXM 20](https://sdvx.in/04/04141m.htm) Measures 127-128
- [Lachryma《Re:Queen’M》MXM 20](https://sdvx.in/03/03242m.htm) Measures 71-72, 130-132
- [Undead Raving Scare MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/06/06394m.htm) Measures 26-33

### Vertical Trill

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/vertical_trills.png" alt="vertical trills" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [Angels And Demons EXH 18](https://sdvx.in/03/03212e.htm) Measures 45-47, 71-73
- [BEAT-NEW-WORLD XCD 19](https://sdvx.in/03/03089m.htm) Measures 76-77, 84
- [魔境堕天録サリエル HVN 18](https://www.sdvx.in/02/02035m.htm) Measures 10, 12, 14, 16

### Tech Trill

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/tech_trills.png" alt="tech trills" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [Fαtα∠ Ent∠mEnt MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/06/06253m.htm) Measures 134-135
- [SAMURAI TIGER MXM 18](https://sdvx.in/05/05192m.htm) Measure 57
- [ちくわパフェだよ☆ＣＫＰ (Yvya Remix) MXM 18](https://sdvx.in/06/06423m.htm) Measures 82-83

## Triplet

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/triplets.png" alt="triplets" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [crazy cinema story XCD 18](https://sdvx.in/02/02203m.htm) Measures 17-18, 52-55
- [ΗУМЛ MXM 18](https://www.sdvx.in/04/04214m.htm) Measures 75-77, 83-85
- [One More Lovely MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/06/06295m.htm) Measures 10-12

## One-hand

Refers to buttons that must be played by one hand while the other is handling a laser.

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/one_hands.png" alt="one hand" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [CHOVERY GOOSE!!! MXM 18](https://sdvx.in/06/06432m.htm) Measures 54-55, 58-59, 82-84
- [GEROL (Yooh Remix) MXM 17](https://sdvx.in/06/06408m.htm) Measures 44-50
- [THE凸GENERATOR EXH 17](https://sdvx.in/05/05074e.htm) Measures 17-23, 25-30, 65-76

## Hand-trip

Refers to buttons that must be played by the opposite hand e.g. left hand plays A/B/L or vice versa. All hand-trip patterns are also one-hand but not all one-hand patterns are hand-trip.

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/hand_trip.png" alt="hand trip" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [Invitation from Mr.C EXH 18](https://sdvx.in/03/03062e.htm) Measures 70, 74
- [LubedeR MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/05/05243m.htm) Measures 53-54, 57-58, 61-62, 65-66
- [PANIC HOLIC GRV 18](https://sdvx.in/01/01120m.htm) Measures, 45, 49, 53

## Illegal

Refers to patterns where transitions from buttons to lasers (or vice versa) are too fast or inputs are required by a hand that is already occupied. More commonly found in charts from older versions of SDVX.

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/illegals.png" alt="illegals" />

Commit message:

add grace notes and ghost tapping

content/en/terminology/patterns.mdx, after:

import { Image } from "../../../components/Media";

# Charting Patterns

## Table of Contents
- [Intro](#intro)
- [Tsumami/Lasers](#tsumamilasers)
  - [Slams](#slams)
  - [Box Lasers](#box-lasers)
  - [Triangle Lasers](#triangle-lasers)
  - [Wrong Side Lasers](#wrong-side-lasers)
  - [Wiggle](#wiggle)
  - [Hyena](#hyena)
- [Stream](#stream)
  - [Stairs](#stairs)
  - [Hold Stairs](#hold-stairs)
  - [Daiuchuu](#daiuchuu)
- [Chords](#chords)
  - [Chord Jack](#chord-jack)
  - [Chord Rush](#chord-rush)
  - [Chord Stair](#chord-stair)
  - [Chord Trill](#chord-trill)
  - [Hamburger](#hamburger)
  - [Denim](#denim)
- [Jacks](#jacks)
  - [Mini Jacks](#mini-jacks)
  - [Quad Jacks](#quad-jacks)
- [Trill](#trill)
  - [Hold Trill](#hold-trill)
  - [Vertical Trill](#vertical-trill)
  - [Tech Trill](#tech-trill)
- [Triplet](#triplet)
- [Grace Notes](#grace-notes)
- [One-hand](#one-hand)
- [Hand-trip](#hand-trip)
- [Illegal](#illegal)

## Intro

Examples of common charting patterns.

Note that patterns can be a combination of multiple patterns at the same time. For example, streams commonly have stairs or rolls in them.

See the [Hand Positioning guide](/guides/hand-positioning) for demonstrations on how to play specific patterns.

## Tsumami/Lasers

### Slams
Refers to lasers going directly left or right.
<Image src="/terminology/patterns/slams.png" alt="slams" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p> 
- [Lunatic Mare MXM 18](https://sdvx.in/06/06554m.htm)
- [Inevitable Magic MXM 18](https://sdvx.in/06/06450m.htm)
- [Circuit Surfer MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/06/06425m.htm) Measures 99, 103, 107, 111

### Box Lasers

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/box_lasers.png" alt="box lasers" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [Chronomia MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/06/06014m.htm) Measures 74, 128, 131
- [DIABLOSIS::Nāga GRV 19](https://www.sdvx.in/03/03359m.htm) Measures 41-42, 116
- [タイムトラベル GRV 18](https://sdvx.in/05/05152m.htm) Measures 34-41

### Triangle Lasers

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/triangle_lasers.png" alt="triangle lasers" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [Believe In Yourself GRV 18](https://sdvx.in/05/05160m.htm) Measures 22-25, 62, 64, 66, 68
- [Ghost Family Living in Graveyard EXH 17](https://sdvx.in/05/05119e.htm) Measures 26-27, 30, 54-57, 112-115
- [Pet Peeve EXH 17](https://sdvx.in/03/03204e.htm) Measures 9-15, 17-22, 49-63

### Wrong Side Lasers

Lasers that are intentionally tricky as they appear on the side opposite to the input knob.

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/wrong_side_lasers.png" alt="wrong side lasers" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [αzalea EXH 17](https://sdvx.in/06/06099e.htm) Measures 92-95
- [BLAZING_LAZER MXM 18](https://sdvx.in/04/04300m.htm) Measures 34-35, 38-39, 82-83, 86-87
- [ON THE WORLD MXM 18](https://sdvx.in/06/06435m.htm) Measures 19-20, 67-69, 87-88

### Wiggle

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/wiggles.png" alt="wiggles" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [End to end XCD 19](https://www.sdvx.in/03/03246m.htm) Measures 8-9, 16-17, 56-57
- [灼熱Beach Side Bunny MXM 18](https://sdvx.in/03/03139e.htm)
- [Shanghai Wu Long EXH 17](https://sdvx.in/03/03166e.htm) Measures 36-44

### Hyena

Term popularized by [HYENA EXH 17](https://www.sdvx.in/02/02167e.htm)

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/hyena.png" alt="hyena" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [HYENA EXH 17](https://www.sdvx.in/02/02167e.htm)
- [HYENA XCD 19](https://sdvx.in/02/02167m.htm)
- [Opium and Purple haze MXM 18](https://sdvx.in/03/03134m.htm) Measures 28, 36, 63

## Stream

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/stream.png" alt="stream" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [Lachryma《Re:Queen’M》MXM 20](https://sdvx.in/03/03242m.htm) Measures 119-125
- [STIGMA MXM 18](https://sdvx.in/06/06249m.htm) Measures 17-20
- [細氷 MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/06/06543m.htm) Measures 23-38

### Stairs
Also referred to as rolls.

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/stairs.png" alt="stairs" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [Immortal saga MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/04/04055m.htm) Measures 56-67, 86-87
- [Lachryma《Re:Queen'M》EXH 18](https://sdvx.in/03/03242e.htm) Measures 51-59
- [《Re:miniscence》EXH 18](https://sdvx.in/06/06127e.htm) Measures 5-6, 32-34, 49, 67, 75-76


### Hold Stairs

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/hold_stairs.png" alt="hold stairs" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [αzalea MXM 19](https://www.sdvx.in/06/06099m.htm) Measures 36-38
- [Holy Trail MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/06/06197m.htm) Measures 33-40, 77-80
- [Lachryma《Re:Queen’M》MXM 20](https://sdvx.in/03/03242m.htm) Measures 51-59

### Daiuchuu

A term popularized by [大宇宙ステージ EXH 17](https://www.sdvx.in/01/01114e.htm).

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/daiuchuu.png" alt="daiuchuu" />

An alternate form with FX appears in its [GRV 19 chart](https://sdvx.in/01/01114m.htm).

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/daiuchuu_fx.png" alt="daiuchuu with fx" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [Fin.ArcDeaR MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/04/04056m.htm) Measures 78-80
- [JEHANNEDARC EXH 18](https://sdvx.in/03/03257e.htm) Measures 38-41
- [KIMIDORI Streak!! MXM 18](https://sdvx.in/04/04293m.htm) Measures 13-14, 15-16, 53-54, 55, 86-87, 88-89

## Chords

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/chords.png" alt="chords" />

### Chord Jack

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/chord_jacks.png" alt="chord jacks" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [打打打打打打打打打打 EXH 17](https://sdvx.in/02/02296m.htm) Measures 49-58
- [Verse IV MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/02/02184m.htm) Measures 41-44
- [777 MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/06/06011m.htm) Measures 350-355, 358-363, 366-371, 374-377
- [666 MXM 20](https://sdvx.in/05/05186m.htm) Measures 309-321

### Chord Rush

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/chord_rush.png" alt="chord rush" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [ΣgØ MXM 20](https://sdvx.in/05/05117m.htm) Measures 91-97
- [ΣmbryØ MXM 20](https://sdvx.in/04/04400m.htm) Measures 91-94
- [For UltraPlayers EXH 18](https://sdvx.in/02/02168e.htm) and [HVN 19](https://sdvx.in/02/02168m.htm) Measures 88-90

### Chord Stair

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/chord_stairs.png" alt="chord stairs" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [Booths of Fighters EXH 17](https://sdvx.in/02/02112e.htm) Measures 76-90
- [Ghost Family Living In Graveyard MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/05/05119m.htm) Measures 94-108
- [2 Beasts Unchained MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/06/06167m.htm) Measures 80-81

### Chord Trill

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/chord_trill.png" alt="chord trill" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [Circuit Surfer MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/06/06425m.htm) Measures 96, 115
- [INSECTICIDE HVN 19](https://sdvx.in/02/02277m.htm) Measures 92-95
- [NEMSYS ARENA World Hexathlon MXM 20](https://sdvx.in/06/06458m.htm) Measures 67-68

### Hamburger

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/hamburger.png" alt="Hamburger chord" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [KAMAITACHI MXM 18](https://sdvx.in/06/06292m.htm) Measures 54-55
- [Xronièr MXM 20](https://sdvx.in/04/04325m.htm) Measures 103-106
- [超越してしまった彼女と其を生み落した理由 EXH 17](https://sdvx.in/02/02170e.htm) Measures 62-63
- [到達してしまった僕らと夢と希望の最之果 XCD 19](https://sdvx.in/03/03078m.htm) Measures 59, 63

### Denim

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/denim.png" alt="denim" />

Can also be read as two trills if read vertically.

<p className="text-lg font-bold mt-3">Example Charts</p>
- [Bl∞min' EXH 18](https://sdvx.in/06/06239e.htm) Measures 115-116
- [U.N.オーエンは彼女なのか？ XCD 19](https://sdvx.in/02/02176m.htm) Measures 82, 86
- [真夏の海の修道女 MXM 17](https://sdvx.in/05/05037m.htm) Measures 23, 68-69

## Jacks

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/jacks.png" alt="jacks" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [Opium and Purple haze EXH 17](https://sdvx.in/03/03134e.htm) Measures 38-39, 63
- [You Are My Best RivaL!! EXH 18](https://sdvx.in/06/06272e.htm) and [MXM 20](https://sdvx.in/06/06272m.htm) Measures 58-59
- [び MXM 18](https://sdvx.in/05/05053m.htm) Measures 61-68

### Mini Jacks

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/mini_jacks.png" alt="mini jacks" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [2 Beasts Unchained MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/06/06167m.htm) Measures 74-76
- [False Cross EXH 17](https://sdvx.in/03/03041e.htm) Measures 64-65, 72-73
- [Reverenced Flower MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/06/06118m.htm) Measures 17-20, 95-98

### Quad Jacks

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/quad_jack.png" alt="quad jack" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [Ganymede kamome mix EXH 17](https://sdvx.in/01/01071e.htm) Measures 59-62
- [GERBERA MXM 18](https://sdvx.in/04/04186m.htm) Measure 100
- [GERBERA -For Finalists- MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/04/04229m.htm) Measure 100
- [初音ミクの消失 EXH 18](https://www.sdvx.in/03/03156e.htm) Measures 125-128

## Trill

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/trills.png" alt="trill" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [DEUX EX MĀXHINĀ MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/06/06314m.htm) Measures 9, 69-72, 117-122
- [Divine's:Bugscript MXM 18](https://sdvx.in/04/04278m.htm) Measures 5-11, 92, 108
- [Lachryma《Re:Queen'M》EXH 18](https://sdvx.in/03/03242e.htm) Measures 69-72, 130-132

### Hold Trill

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/hold_trills.png" alt="hold trills" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [FIN4LE ～終止線の彼方へ～ MXM 20](https://sdvx.in/04/04141m.htm) Measures 127-128
- [Lachryma《Re:Queen’M》MXM 20](https://sdvx.in/03/03242m.htm) Measures 71-72, 130-132
- [Undead Raving Scare MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/06/06394m.htm) Measures 26-33

### Vertical Trill

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/vertical_trills.png" alt="vertical trills" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [Angels And Demons EXH 18](https://sdvx.in/03/03212e.htm) Measures 45-47, 71-73
- [BEAT-NEW-WORLD XCD 19](https://sdvx.in/03/03089m.htm) Measures 76-77, 84
- [魔境堕天録サリエル HVN 18](https://www.sdvx.in/02/02035m.htm) Measures 10, 12, 14, 16

### Tech Trill

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/tech_trills.png" alt="tech trills" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [Fαtα∠ Ent∠mEnt MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/06/06253m.htm) Measures 134-135
- [SAMURAI TIGER MXM 18](https://sdvx.in/05/05192m.htm) Measure 57
- [ちくわパフェだよ☆ＣＫＰ (Yvya Remix) MXM 18](https://sdvx.in/06/06423m.htm) Measures 82-83

## Triplet

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/triplets.png" alt="triplets" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [crazy cinema story XCD 18](https://sdvx.in/02/02203m.htm) Measures 17-18, 52-55
- [ΗУМЛ MXM 18](https://www.sdvx.in/04/04214m.htm) Measures 75-77, 83-85
- [One More Lovely MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/06/06295m.htm) Measures 10-12

## Grace Notes

Refers to notes that are only slightly apart from each other.

  <div className="w-fit mx-auto flex flex-row gap-x-4">
  <Image
    src="/terminology/patterns/grace_1.png"
    alt="grace 1"
    className="h-48 w-auto"
  />
  <Image
    src="/terminology/patterns/grace_2.png"
    alt="grace 2"
    className="h-48 w-auto"
  />
</div>

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [Chronomia MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/06/06014m.htm) Measure 62
- [IDENTITY EXH 17](https://sdvx.in/06/06277e.htm) Measures 62, 66

## One-hand

Refers to buttons that must be played by one hand while the other is handling a laser.

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/one_hands.png" alt="one hand" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [CHOVERY GOOSE!!! MXM 18](https://sdvx.in/06/06432m.htm) Measures 54-55, 58-59, 82-84
- [GEROL (Yooh Remix) MXM 17](https://sdvx.in/06/06408m.htm) Measures 44-50
- [THE凸GENERATOR EXH 17](https://sdvx.in/05/05074e.htm) Measures 17-23, 25-30, 65-76

## Hand-trip

Refers to buttons that must be played by the opposite hand e.g. left hand plays A/B/L or vice versa. All hand-trip patterns are also one-hand but not all one-hand patterns are hand-trip.

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/hand_trip.png" alt="hand trip" />

<p className="text-lg font-bold">Example Charts</p>
- [Invitation from Mr.C EXH 18](https://sdvx.in/03/03062e.htm) Measures 70, 74
- [LubedeR MXM 19](https://sdvx.in/05/05243m.htm) Measures 53-54, 57-58, 61-62, 65-66
- [PANIC HOLIC GRV 18](https://sdvx.in/01/01120m.htm) Measures 45, 49, 53

## Illegal

Refers to patterns where transitions from buttons to lasers (or vice versa) are too fast or inputs are required by a hand that is already occupied. More commonly found in charts from older versions of SDVX.

<Image src="/terminology/patterns/illegals.png" alt="illegals" />
