content/en/terminology/termsandvocab.mdx, before:

import { Image, Video } from "../../../components/Media";

# Terms and Vocab

## Table of Contents
- [Intro](#intro)
- [Clears](#clears)
    - [Clear/Effective Clear](#cleareffective-clear)
    - [Crash/Fail](#crashfail)
    - [Hard clear/Excessive Clear](#hard-clearexcessive-clear)
    - [PUC/Perfect Ultimate Chain/Perfect](#pucperfect-ultimate-chainperfect)
    - [S-PUC/Max/Max-0](#s-pucmaxmax-0)
    - [UC/Ultimate Chain/Full Combo/FC](#ucultimate-chainfull-combofc)
- [Scoring](#scoring)
    - [Ex-score](#ex-score)
    - [Max-`x`](#max-x)
    - [S](#s)
- [Ways to play](#ways-to-play)
    - [Arcade/Cab/AC](#arcadecabac)
    - [Konasute コナステ](#konasute-コナステ)
    - [KSM/K-Shoot Mania](#ksmk-shoot-mania)
    - [Simulators](#simulators)
    - [USC/Untitled Sound Voltex Clone](#uscuntitled-sound-voltex-clone)
- [Controls](#controls)
    - [BT](#bt)
    - [FX](#fx)
    - [Knobs](#knobs)
- [General Terms](#general-terms)
    - [Charts/Maps](#chartsmaps)
    - [Chips/Notes/Buttons](#chipsnotesbuttons)
    - [Effector](#effector)
    - [Mirror](#mirror)
    - [NOV, ADV, EXH, MXM, INF, GRV, HVN, VVD, XCD](#nov-adv-exh-mxm-inf-grv-hvn-vvd-xcd)
    - [Random](#random)
    - [S-Random](#s-random)
    - [Tsumami つまみ/Lasers/Knobs](#tsumami-つまみlasersknobs)
    - [V-Random](#v-random)
- [Techniques](#techniques)
    - [Vertical Reading](#vertical-reading)
    - [Horizontal Reading](#horizontal-reading)
- [Kuso Techniques](#kuso-techniques)
    - [Forearm Strats](#forearm-strats)
    - [Freestyling](#freestyling)
    - [Sliding](#sliding)
- [Improvement/Skill](#improvementskill)
    - [Earth Power](#earth-power)
    - [Mindblock](#mindblock)
    - [Session](#session)
    - [Skill Ceiling](#skill-ceiling)
    - [Skill Floor](#skill-floor)
    - [Skillsets](#skillsets)
    - [Warm-up](#warm-up)
- [Music Theory](#music-theory)
    - [Measures](#measures)
    - [Time Signatures](#time-signatures)
    - [n-th Notes](#n-th-notes)
    - [Polyrhythm](#polyrhythm)
- [Miscellaneous](#miscellaneous)
    - [Convert](#convert)
    - [Custom](#custom)
    - [Insane KSM](#insane-ksm)
    - [Overshoot/os](#overshootos)
    - [Play-read](#play-read)
    - [Undershoot/us](#undershootus)
    - [Sight-read](#sight-read)
    - [Soflan](#soflan)
    - [Hand Cam/Hand Shot](#hand-camhand-shot)
    - [Anmitsu](#anmitsu)




## Intro
Here, you will find common terms and vocabulary used in conversations about SDVX.

This will mainly go over SDVX terms, there are other terms that exist. For more general terms, you can look at [this video](https://youtu.be/CVm5y4TQjXI)


## Clears
    #### Clear/Effective Clear
    This is a clear with the gauge that starts at 0% and you have to be over 70% gauge. Read more about Effective Gauge on the [Gauge Options](/compendium/gauge-options#excessive-rate) page.
    
    #### Crash/Fail
    This is when you fail a chart either by not getting the 70% mark, hitting 0% on Excessive gauge, or quitting out.
    
    #### Hard clear/Excessive Clear
    This is clearing with the gauge that starts at 100% and goes to 0%. This gauge is considered harder than a normal clear, hence **Hard** clear. Read more about Excessive Gauge on the [Gauge Options](/compendium/gauge-options#excessive-rate) page.
    
    #### PUC/Perfect Ultimate Chain/Perfect
    This is when you get only crits and above, meaning no nears or errors. 
    
    It is also called a Perfect Ultimate Chain in-game
    
    #### S-PUC/Max/Max-0
    This is when you get only S-Crit and above, meaning no crits, nears, or errors. 
    
    #### UC/Ultimate Chain/Full Combo/FC
    This is when you get no errors in a chart. You keep your combo throughout the chart.
    
    It is also called an Ultimate Chain in-game

## Scoring
    #### Ex-score
    This is an alternative form of scoring that factors in S-Crits which is a tighter timing window. 
    
    #### Max-`x`
    `x` in this refers to any number.
    
    This refers to how far away you were from a max-0. For example, if you were max-2, that means you were 2 crits away from a max-0 or a S-PUC.
    
    Notably, if you score good enough instead of showing a percentage for your max score, it will show a MAX-`x`.
    
    #### S
    This is a score above 9,900,000. This is commonly what people aim for when going for accuracy. See more about scores and grades [here](/startingout/scoring)

## Ways to play
    #### Arcade/Cab/AC
    This refers to playing on an Arcade Cabinet of SDVX.
    
    #### Konasute コナステ
    This refers to playing the official online version of SDVX made by Konami. 
    
    #### KSM/K-Shoot Mania
    This refers to playing with [KSM or K-Shoot Mania](https://www.kshootmania.com/en/), an older simulator of SDVX.
    
    #### Simulators
    Simulators of Sound Voltex. Usually refers to USC or KSM.
    
    #### USC/Untitled Sound Voltex Clone
    This refers to playing with [USC](https://github.com/Drewol/unnamed-sdvx-clone), the newer simulator of SDVX.

## Controls
    #### BT
    BT means the white big buttons. These are orders from BT-A, BT-B, BT-C, BT-D from left to right. So, the leftmost button is BT-A while the rightmost button is BT-D.
    
    #### FX
    FX means the smaller orange buttons under the BT buttons. These are either FX-L meaning FX left, or FX-R meaning FX right.
    
    #### Knobs
    These refer to the knobs on the left and right of the controller. By default, the left one is blue and the right one is red.

## General Terms
    #### Charts/Maps
    These reference the charts of the songs. The correct word for this is Chart.
    
    #### Chips/Notes/Buttons
    Refers to the BT and FX buttons of a chart. 
    
    #### Effector
    The person who made the chart.
    
    #### Mirror
    A game option that allows you to flip the lanes horizontally, similar to many other rhythm games. Can be used as a challenge or a way to combat mindblock.
    
    #### NOV, ADV, EXH, MXM, INF, GRV, HVN, VVD, XCD
    These represent the difficulties of each song. NOV, or novice, is the easiest while MXM, or maxmium, is the hardest.
    
    These each have their own full names which can be seen here:
    <div className="flex items-center justify-center mt-5">
    | Acronym |   Name   |
    | :-----: | :------: |
    |   NOV   |  Novice  |
    |   ADV   | Advance  |
    |   EXH   | Exhaust  |
    |   MXM   | Maximum  |
    |   INF   | Infinite |
    |   GRV   | Gravity  |
    |   HVN   |  Heaven  |
    |   VVD   |  Vivid   |
    |   XCD   |  Exceed  |
    </div>
    
    Note that INF-XCD means that a chart has another difficulty in that specified version. For example, if a chart got another difficulty in Sound Voltex Vivid Wave, it would be a VVD difficulty.
    
    #### Random
    A game option that randomly swaps the position of each lane and laser. Note that BT lanes are swapped to each other and the same is true for FX lanes.
    
    #### S-Random
    A game option similar to Random but instead of swapping the position of the lanes, the game swaps the position of every individual note and laser, resulting in very chaotic gameplay.
    
    #### Tsumami つまみ/Lasers/Knobs
    This refers to the lasers. In the game, lasers are referenced as Tsumami.
    
    #### V-Random
    A hidden game option that constantly changes the color of both your lasers, giving them an RGB-like effect. This option was intended as an April Fools joke and only works when the April Fools event is going on.

## Techniques
    #### Vertical Reading
    Refers to dividing patterns into vertical sections and reading them separately.

    <Image src="/terminology/terminology/vertical_reading.png" caption="WHITEOUT MXM 20 Measure 16"/>

    In this example, dividing the pattern into two sides can be beneficial since you can hit the [16th notes](#n-th-notes) on the left side and 12th notes on the right side independently. Trying to read the pattern normally is harder since 48th notes are formed by the B and C lanes.

    #### Horizontal Reading
    Refers to dividing a pattern into horizontal sections and reading them one-by-one as the track goes.

    <Image src="/terminology/terminology/horizontal_reading.png" caption="Blastix Riotz EXH 18 Measure 116"/>

    In this example, dividing the pattern into multiple sections starting with each FX note can significantly help with timing as players can maintain the overall rhythm even if some of the notes in each section are played off-rhythm. Otherwise, playing a note off time note can lead to all the following notes going off-rhythm.
 
## Kuso Techniques

In Japanese, "kuso" (くそ / 糞) literally means "shit". Kuso techniques refer to
unorthodox ways to play charts, usually for entertainment. Oftentimes, they
complicate more than trivialize patterns.

    #### Forearm Strats
    <Video
        src="/guides/hand-positioning/elbow_strats.mp4"
        vertical={true}
        size="max-w-md"
    />
    
    This refers to using your forearms to alternatively hit quad jacks. Examples include [Ganymede kamome mix EXH 17](https://sdvx.in/01/01071e.htm) and [Gerbera MXM 18](https://sdvx.in/04/mrr04186m.htm)
    
    #### Freestyling
    Freestyling are unconventional and expressive ways to play charts, often incorporating "unnecessary" crosshands and alternations. Examples include [leviern's GEROL (Yooh Remix) MXM Gameplay](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4jbpQkgGv4) and [nb1rs's CHOVERY GOOSE!! MXM Gameplay](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjqsD-RI9W8)
    
    #### Sliding
    <Video
        src="/guides/hand-positioning/sliding.mp4"
        vertical={true}
        size="max-w-md" 
    />
    
    This refers to using your hands to "slide" across buttons to hit fast stairs. This technique is inefficient and can cause pain.

## Improvement/Skill

    #### Earth Power
    Loosely similar to *skill floor* - Your general ability to read and hit notes, not specific to any rhythm games. Can be used to imply one's skill level at playing rhythm games.
    
    For example: If a player who is regarded as having high earth power moves to a new rhythm game, they are expected to perform decently well in that game too.
    
    #### Mindblock
    A phenomenon where you are mentally blocked from properly reading a pattern. This usually happens when you grind a chart continuously for too long. You can get mindblocked to a pattern specifically to a chart or globally. To combat mindblock, it is advised to take a break from the chart that caused the mindblock in the first place.
    
    #### Session
    A gaming session, can be at home or arcade.
    
    #### Skill Ceiling
    One's ability to inconsistently perform better than their skill floor. Can be understood as their "upper skill level". Being able to consistently demonstrate this performance turns it into a floor. When looking at one's best 50 scores, the skill floor can be reflected by their upper 20 scores.
    
    #### Skill Floor
    The range of one's consistent performance. Can be understood as their "average skill level". When looking at one's best 50 scores, the skill floor can be reflected by their lower 30 scores.
    
    #### Skillsets
    One's skill to execute different "aspects" of a rhythm game. For example in Sound Voltex, 6 parameters in the skill radar can be considered as 6 skillsets.
    
    #### Warm-up
    A time period in a session where you spend getting mentally and physically prepared. This usually takes up the first 30% of your session's length. Each player has their own warm-up routine but generally, they consist of playing lower levels.

## Music Theory
    #### Measures
    For voltex, a measure is how the chart is divided. Each new measure is represented by the white line that is shown when playing a chart. Usually, most charts are under 4/4 time signature, meaning there are 4 "beats" for each measure.

    <Image src="/terminology/terminology/measure.png"/>
    <em className="flex justify-center"> A measure shown on sdvx.in</em>

    Note that there are 4 beats in this measure (each beat seperated by the grey line) meaning this is a 4/4 time signature.

    Measures are a complex topic. For a more in-depth breakdown, refer to [this website](https://www.soundtrap.com/content/blog/measure-in-music-theory)
    
    #### Time Signatures
    Time signature defines how many beats are per measure. For most SDVX songs, this is 4 beats or 4/4. There are certain songs that do use different time signatures, for example [\*Erm, could it be a Spatiotemporal ShockWAVE Syndrome...?](https://sdvx.in/05/05153m.htm) and [\*Feels Seasickness...\*](https://sdvx.in/04/04401m.htm). 

    <Image src="/terminology/terminology/timesignatures.png"/>
    <em className="flex justify-center"> Time signature of 2/4 and 3/4. Yellow line represent measure.</em>

    Time Signatures are a complex topic. For a more in-depth breakdown, refer to [this website](https://www.skoove.com/blog/time-signatures-explained/)
    
    #### `n`-th Notes
    `n` represents any number.

    `n`-th notes refers to how notes are spaced in a measure with respect to the original 4/4 time signature (Amount of notes within a beat). For SDVX, this is commonly used to describe streams/trills and how fast they are. A 8-th note staircase would have 2 notes each beat, 12th would have 3 notes each beat, 16th would have 4 notes each beat, etc.

    <Image src="/terminology/terminology/xthnote.png"/>
    <em className="flex justify-center"> 8th, 12th, 16th, 24th, 32nd notes. Yellow line represent measure.</em>

    Note that a 32th note stream on a 200 BPM song is the same speed as a 16th note stream on a 100 bpm song. The faster the BPM, the faster the speed.

    `n`-th Notes are a complex topic. For a more in-depth breakdown on how to count, please refer to [this tutorial](https://www.rossfarley.uk/drummer-resources/how-to-count-8th-notes-16th-notes-triplets-and-more).

    #### Polyrhythm
    A polyrhythm is when two or more different rhythms are played at the same time. Usually, players are expected to utilize [Vertical Reading](#vertical-reading) technique to hit each rhythm independently. Examples include [細氷 MXM19](https://sdvx.in/06/06543m.htm) (Measure 37) and [WHITEOUT MXM20](https://sdvx.in/04/04140m.htm) (Measure 16)

## Miscellaneous

    #### Convert
    A recreation of an official chart intended for play in simulators.
    
    #### Custom
    A user-created chart for play in simulators.
    
    #### Insane KSM
    Refers to the community created charts that are often much more difficult and unforgiving. You can read more at [Insane KSM OS/US scale](/compendium/insane-ksm) page.
    
    #### Overshoot/os
    Overshoot or os refers to the difficulty in Insane KSM. Overshoots are the harder difficulties of Insane KSM. You can read more at [Insane KSM OS/US scale](/compendium/insane-ksm) page.
    
    #### Undershoot/us
    Undershoot or us refers to the difficulty in Insane KSM. Undershoots are the easier difficulties of Insane KSM. You can read more at [Insane KSM OS/US scale](/compendium/insane-ksm) page.
    
    #### Soflan
    Soflan refers to the change in BPM for a song. Your lane speed is tied to BPM changes, so when the BPM increases, your lane speed increases and same visa versa.

    Soflan (ソフラン, sofuran) originated from the IIDX chart ["SOFT LANDING ON THE BODY"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1-1wSguM4I). This chart is one of the first charts in IIDX to have noteably BPM changes.
    
    #### Hand Cam/Hand Shot
    Video footage focused on player's hands to help demonstrate techniques/gameplay.
    
    #### Sight-read
    Attempting a chart at first sight, without having practiced or seen it before.

    #### Play-read
    Attempting a chart the first time after watching gameplay of it before.

    #### Anmitsu
    Refers to manipulating a pattern so that it becomes easier. Often results in chording streams or trills. Read more at [Anmitsu](/guides/pattern-simplification#anmitsu).

Commit message:

add grace notes and ghost tapping

content/en/terminology/termsandvocab.mdx, after:

import { Image, Video } from "../../../components/Media";

# Terms and Vocab

## Table of Contents
- [Intro](#intro)
- [Clears](#clears)
    - [Clear/Effective Clear](#cleareffective-clear)
    - [Crash/Fail](#crashfail)
    - [Hard clear/Excessive Clear](#hard-clearexcessive-clear)
    - [PUC/Perfect Ultimate Chain/Perfect](#pucperfect-ultimate-chainperfect)
    - [S-PUC/Max/Max-0](#s-pucmaxmax-0)
    - [UC/Ultimate Chain/Full Combo/FC](#ucultimate-chainfull-combofc)
- [Scoring](#scoring)
    - [Ex-score](#ex-score)
    - [Max-`x`](#max-x)
    - [S](#s)
- [Ways to play](#ways-to-play)
    - [Arcade/Cab/AC](#arcadecabac)
    - [Konasute コナステ](#konasute-コナステ)
    - [KSM/K-Shoot Mania](#ksmk-shoot-mania)
    - [Simulators](#simulators)
    - [USC/Untitled Sound Voltex Clone](#uscuntitled-sound-voltex-clone)
- [Controls](#controls)
    - [BT](#bt)
    - [FX](#fx)
    - [Knobs](#knobs)
- [General Terms](#general-terms)
    - [Charts/Maps](#chartsmaps)
    - [Chips/Notes/Buttons](#chipsnotesbuttons)
    - [Effector](#effector)
    - [Mirror](#mirror)
    - [NOV, ADV, EXH, MXM, INF, GRV, HVN, VVD, XCD](#nov-adv-exh-mxm-inf-grv-hvn-vvd-xcd)
    - [Random](#random)
    - [S-Random](#s-random)
    - [Tsumami つまみ/Lasers/Knobs](#tsumami-つまみlasersknobs)
    - [V-Random](#v-random)
- [Techniques](#techniques)
    - [Vertical Reading](#vertical-reading)
    - [Horizontal Reading](#horizontal-reading)
    - [Ghost Tapping](#ghost-tapping)
- [Kuso Techniques](#kuso-techniques)
    - [Forearm Strats](#forearm-strats)
    - [Freestyling](#freestyling)
    - [Sliding](#sliding)
- [Improvement/Skill](#improvementskill)
    - [Earth Power](#earth-power)
    - [Mindblock](#mindblock)
    - [Session](#session)
    - [Skill Ceiling](#skill-ceiling)
    - [Skill Floor](#skill-floor)
    - [Skillsets](#skillsets)
    - [Warm-up](#warm-up)
- [Music Theory](#music-theory)
    - [Measures](#measures)
    - [Time Signatures](#time-signatures)
    - [n-th Notes](#n-th-notes)
    - [Polyrhythm](#polyrhythm)
- [Miscellaneous](#miscellaneous)
    - [Convert](#convert)
    - [Custom](#custom)
    - [Insane KSM](#insane-ksm)
    - [Overshoot/os](#overshootos)
    - [Play-read](#play-read)
    - [Undershoot/us](#undershootus)
    - [Sight-read](#sight-read)
    - [Soflan](#soflan)
    - [Hand Cam/Hand Shot](#hand-camhand-shot)
    - [Anmitsu](#anmitsu)




## Intro
Here, you will find common terms and vocabulary used in conversations about SDVX.

This will mainly go over SDVX terms, there are other terms that exist. For more general terms, you can look at [this video](https://youtu.be/CVm5y4TQjXI)


## Clears
    #### Clear/Effective Clear
    This is a clear with the gauge that starts at 0% and you have to be over 70% gauge. Read more about Effective Gauge on the [Gauge Options](/compendium/gauge-options#excessive-rate) page.
    
    #### Crash/Fail
    This is when you fail a chart either by not getting the 70% mark, hitting 0% on Excessive gauge, or quitting out.
    
    #### Hard clear/Excessive Clear
    This is clearing with the gauge that starts at 100% and goes to 0%. This gauge is considered harder than a normal clear, hence **Hard** clear. Read more about Excessive Gauge on the [Gauge Options](/compendium/gauge-options#excessive-rate) page.
    
    #### PUC/Perfect Ultimate Chain/Perfect
    This is when you get only crits and above, meaning no nears or errors. 
    
    It is also called a Perfect Ultimate Chain in-game
    
    #### S-PUC/Max/Max-0
    This is when you get only S-Crit and above, meaning no crits, nears, or errors. 
    
    #### UC/Ultimate Chain/Full Combo/FC
    This is when you get no errors in a chart. You keep your combo throughout the chart.
    
    It is also called an Ultimate Chain in-game

## Scoring
    #### Ex-score
    This is an alternative form of scoring that factors in S-Crits which is a tighter timing window. 
    
    #### Max-`x`
    `x` in this refers to any number.
    
    This refers to how far away you were from a max-0. For example, if you were max-2, that means you were 2 crits away from a max-0 or a S-PUC.
    
    Notably, if you score good enough instead of showing a percentage for your max score, it will show a MAX-`x`.
    
    #### S
    This is a score above 9,900,000. This is commonly what people aim for when going for accuracy. See more about scores and grades [here](/startingout/scoring)

## Ways to play
    #### Arcade/Cab/AC
    This refers to playing on an Arcade Cabinet of SDVX.
    
    #### Konasute コナステ
    This refers to playing the official online version of SDVX made by Konami. 
    
    #### KSM/K-Shoot Mania
    This refers to playing with [KSM or K-Shoot Mania](https://www.kshootmania.com/en/), an older simulator of SDVX.
    
    #### Simulators
    Simulators of Sound Voltex. Usually refers to USC or KSM.
    
    #### USC/Untitled Sound Voltex Clone
    This refers to playing with [USC](https://github.com/Drewol/unnamed-sdvx-clone), the newer simulator of SDVX.

## Controls
    #### BT
    BT means the white big buttons. These are orders from BT-A, BT-B, BT-C, BT-D from left to right. So, the leftmost button is BT-A while the rightmost button is BT-D.
    
    #### FX
    FX means the smaller orange buttons under the BT buttons. These are either FX-L meaning FX left, or FX-R meaning FX right.
    
    #### Knobs
    These refer to the knobs on the left and right of the controller. By default, the left one is blue and the right one is red.

## General Terms
    #### Charts/Maps
    These reference the charts of the songs. The correct word for this is Chart.
    
    #### Chips/Notes/Buttons
    Refers to the BT and FX buttons of a chart. 
    
    #### Effector
    The person who made the chart.
    
    #### Mirror
    A game option that allows you to flip the lanes horizontally, similar to many other rhythm games. Can be used as a challenge or a way to combat mindblock.
    
    #### NOV, ADV, EXH, MXM, INF, GRV, HVN, VVD, XCD
    These represent the difficulties of each song. NOV, or novice, is the easiest while MXM, or maxmium, is the hardest.
    
    These each have their own full names which can be seen here:
    <div className="flex items-center justify-center mt-5">
    | Acronym |   Name   |
    | :-----: | :------: |
    |   NOV   |  Novice  |
    |   ADV   | Advance  |
    |   EXH   | Exhaust  |
    |   MXM   | Maximum  |
    |   INF   | Infinite |
    |   GRV   | Gravity  |
    |   HVN   |  Heaven  |
    |   VVD   |  Vivid   |
    |   XCD   |  Exceed  |
    </div>
    
    Note that INF-XCD means that a chart has another difficulty in that specified version. For example, if a chart got another difficulty in Sound Voltex Vivid Wave, it would be a VVD difficulty.
    
    #### Random
    A game option that randomly swaps the position of each lane and laser. Note that BT lanes are swapped to each other and the same is true for FX lanes.
    
    #### S-Random
    A game option similar to Random but instead of swapping the position of the lanes, the game swaps the position of every individual note and laser, resulting in very chaotic gameplay.
    
    #### Tsumami つまみ/Lasers/Knobs
    This refers to the lasers. In the game, lasers are referenced as Tsumami.
    
    #### V-Random
    A hidden game option that constantly changes the color of both your lasers, giving them an RGB-like effect. This option was intended as an April Fools joke and only works when the April Fools event is going on.

## Techniques
    #### Vertical Reading
    Refers to dividing patterns into vertical sections and reading them separately.

    <Image src="/terminology/terminology/vertical_reading.png" caption="WHITEOUT MXM 20 Measure 16"/>

    In this example, dividing the pattern into two sides can be beneficial since you can hit the [16th notes](#n-th-notes) on the left side and 12th notes on the right side independently. Trying to read the pattern normally is harder since 48th notes are formed by the B and C lanes.

    #### Horizontal Reading
    Refers to dividing a pattern into horizontal sections and reading them one-by-one as the track goes.

    <Image src="/terminology/terminology/horizontal_reading.png" caption="Blastix Riotz EXH 18 Measure 116"/>

    In this example, dividing the pattern into multiple sections starting with each FX note can significantly help with timing as players can maintain the overall rhythm even if some of the notes in each section are played off-rhythm. Otherwise, playing a note off time note can lead to all the following notes going off-rhythm.
 
    #### Ghost Tapping
    Refers to hitting non-existent notes. Usually to maintain rhythm or to make patterns more comprehensible.

    <Image src="/terminology/terminology/ghost_tapping1.png" className="w-64 h-auto" caption="A Lasting Promise MXM 19 Measure 118"/>

    In this example provided by MINI, hitting imaginary BT notes on the start of every measures can make it easier to keep track of beat intervals.
## Kuso Techniques

In Japanese, "kuso" (くそ / 糞) literally means "shit". Kuso techniques refer to
unorthodox ways to play charts, usually for entertainment. Oftentimes, they
complicate more than trivialize patterns.

    #### Forearm Strats
    <Video
        src="/guides/hand-positioning/elbow_strats.mp4"
        vertical={true}
        size="max-w-md"
    />
    
    This refers to using your forearms to alternatively hit quad jacks. Examples include [Ganymede kamome mix EXH 17](https://sdvx.in/01/01071e.htm) and [Gerbera MXM 18](https://sdvx.in/04/mrr04186m.htm)
    
    #### Freestyling
    Freestyling are unconventional and expressive ways to play charts, often incorporating "unnecessary" crosshands and alternations. Examples include [leviern's GEROL (Yooh Remix) MXM Gameplay](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4jbpQkgGv4) and [nb1rs's CHOVERY GOOSE!! MXM Gameplay](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjqsD-RI9W8)
    
    #### Sliding
    <Video
        src="/guides/hand-positioning/sliding.mp4"
        vertical={true}
        size="max-w-md" 
    />
    
    This refers to using your hands to "slide" across buttons to hit fast stairs. This technique is inefficient and can cause pain.

## Improvement/Skill

    #### Earth Power
    Loosely similar to *skill floor* - Your general ability to read and hit notes, not specific to any rhythm games. Can be used to imply one's skill level at playing rhythm games.
    
    For example: If a player who is regarded as having high earth power moves to a new rhythm game, they are expected to perform decently well in that game too.
    
    #### Mindblock
    A phenomenon where you are mentally blocked from properly reading a pattern. This usually happens when you grind a chart continuously for too long. You can get mindblocked to a pattern specifically to a chart or globally. To combat mindblock, it is advised to take a break from the chart that caused the mindblock in the first place.
    
    #### Session
    A gaming session, can be at home or arcade.
    
    #### Skill Ceiling
    One's ability to inconsistently perform better than their skill floor. Can be understood as their "upper skill level". Being able to consistently demonstrate this performance turns it into a floor. When looking at one's best 50 scores, the skill floor can be reflected by their upper 20 scores.
    
    #### Skill Floor
    The range of one's consistent performance. Can be understood as their "average skill level". When looking at one's best 50 scores, the skill floor can be reflected by their lower 30 scores.
    
    #### Skillsets
    One's skill to execute different "aspects" of a rhythm game. For example in Sound Voltex, 6 parameters in the skill radar can be considered as 6 skillsets.
    
    #### Warm-up
    A time period in a session where you spend getting mentally and physically prepared. This usually takes up the first 30% of your session's length. Each player has their own warm-up routine but generally, they consist of playing lower levels.

## Music Theory
    #### Measures
    For voltex, a measure is how the chart is divided. Each new measure is represented by the white line that is shown when playing a chart. Usually, most charts are under 4/4 time signature, meaning there are 4 "beats" for each measure.

    <Image src="/terminology/terminology/measure.png"/>
    <em className="flex justify-center"> A measure shown on sdvx.in</em>

    Note that there are 4 beats in this measure (each beat seperated by the grey line) meaning this is a 4/4 time signature.

    Measures are a complex topic. For a more in-depth breakdown, refer to [this website](https://www.soundtrap.com/content/blog/measure-in-music-theory)
    
    #### Time Signatures
    Time signature defines how many beats are per measure. For most SDVX songs, this is 4 beats or 4/4. There are certain songs that do use different time signatures, for example [\*Erm, could it be a Spatiotemporal ShockWAVE Syndrome...?](https://sdvx.in/05/05153m.htm) and [\*Feels Seasickness...\*](https://sdvx.in/04/04401m.htm). 

    <Image src="/terminology/terminology/timesignatures.png"/>
    <em className="flex justify-center"> Time signature of 2/4 and 3/4. Yellow line represent measure.</em>

    Time Signatures are a complex topic. For a more in-depth breakdown, refer to [this website](https://www.skoove.com/blog/time-signatures-explained/)
    
    #### `n`-th Notes
    `n` represents any number.

    `n`-th notes refers to how notes are spaced in a measure with respect to the original 4/4 time signature (Amount of notes within a beat). For SDVX, this is commonly used to describe streams/trills and how fast they are. A 8-th note staircase would have 2 notes each beat, 12th would have 3 notes each beat, 16th would have 4 notes each beat, etc.

    <Image src="/terminology/terminology/xthnote.png"/>
    <em className="flex justify-center"> 8th, 12th, 16th, 24th, 32nd notes. Yellow line represent measure.</em>

    Note that a 32th note stream on a 200 BPM song is the same speed as a 16th note stream on a 100 bpm song. The faster the BPM, the faster the speed.

    `n`-th Notes are a complex topic. For a more in-depth breakdown on how to count, please refer to [this tutorial](https://www.rossfarley.uk/drummer-resources/how-to-count-8th-notes-16th-notes-triplets-and-more).

    #### Polyrhythm
    A polyrhythm is when two or more different rhythms are played at the same time. Usually, players are expected to utilize [Vertical Reading](#vertical-reading) technique to hit each rhythm independently. Examples include [細氷 MXM19](https://sdvx.in/06/06543m.htm) (Measure 37) and [WHITEOUT MXM20](https://sdvx.in/04/04140m.htm) (Measure 16)

## Miscellaneous

    #### Convert
    A recreation of an official chart intended for play in simulators.
    
    #### Custom
    A user-created chart for play in simulators.
    
    #### Insane KSM
    Refers to the community created charts that are often much more difficult and unforgiving. You can read more at [Insane KSM OS/US scale](/compendium/insane-ksm) page.
    
    #### Overshoot/os
    Overshoot or os refers to the difficulty in Insane KSM. Overshoots are the harder difficulties of Insane KSM. You can read more at [Insane KSM OS/US scale](/compendium/insane-ksm) page.
    
    #### Undershoot/us
    Undershoot or us refers to the difficulty in Insane KSM. Undershoots are the easier difficulties of Insane KSM. You can read more at [Insane KSM OS/US scale](/compendium/insane-ksm) page.
    
    #### Soflan
    Soflan refers to the change in BPM for a song. Your lane speed is tied to BPM changes, so when the BPM increases, your lane speed increases and same visa versa.

    Soflan (ソフラン, sofuran) originated from the IIDX chart ["SOFT LANDING ON THE BODY"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1-1wSguM4I). This chart is one of the first charts in IIDX to have noteably BPM changes.
    
    #### Hand Cam/Hand Shot
    Video footage focused on player's hands to help demonstrate techniques/gameplay.
    
    #### Sight-read
    Attempting a chart at first sight, without having practiced or seen it before.

    #### Play-read
    Attempting a chart the first time after watching gameplay of it before.

    #### Anmitsu
    Refers to manipulating a pattern so that it becomes easier. Often results in chording streams or trills. Read more at [Anmitsu](/guides/pattern-simplification#anmitsu).
