content/controllers/inputs.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from "nextra/components";

# What input device should I use?

## Table of Contents

1. [Intro](/controllers/inputs#intro)
2. [Arcade-size Controllers (ASCs)](/controllers/inputs#arcade-size-controllers)
   1. [FAUCETWO+](/controllers/inputs#faucetwo)
   2. [YuanCon](/controllers/inputs#yuancon)
3. [Other Input Devices](/controllers/inputs#other-inputs)
   1. [Keyboard](/controllers/inputs#keyboard)
   2. [Mini Controllers](/controllers/inputs#mini-controllers)
4. [Not Recommended Controllers](/controllers/inputs#not-recommend-controllers)
   1. [SDVX -Nemsys- Entry Model](/controllers/inputs#sdvx--nemsys--entry-model)
   2. [SDVX -Nemsys- Ultimate Model rev.2](/controllers/inputs#sdvx--nemsys--ultimate-model-rev2)

## Intro

This section covers controllers and other input devices.

Controllers are expensive! If you are just starting out, try the game either at an arcade or with your keyboard before you commit to a purchase. Make sure you like the game first!

<Callout>
  This guide does not cover all the types of controllers/ways to play. There are
  many different controllers out there, but these are the more common ones.
</Callout>

## Arcade-size Controllers (ASCs)

The two main options when it comes to ASCs are FAUCETWO+ and YuanCon. Both have arcade-accurate layouts, offer identical gameplay experiences, and their parts are easily customizable.

### FAUCETWO+

<br />
<div className="flex flex-col items-center justify-center">
  <div>![faucetwos](/controllers/faucetwos.png)</div>
  <em>FAUCETWO+ VW skin (left) and EG skin (right)</em>
</div>

Manufactured by GAMO2, this is the most popular and frequently recommended controller to purchase. Many reviews can be found on YouTube, with [Tokaku's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZGUSWQXGf6Y) being the most popular.

They offer two versions of their controller: the Vivid Wave (VW) or Exceed Gear (EG) skin. Besides the aesthetic difference, the EG skin version includes the price of a metal plate which must be configured separately for the VW skin version.

[Purchase Link](https://www.gamo2.com/en/index.php?dispatch=categories.view&category_id=277)\
[Product Detail Page](https://www.gamo2.com/en/product/faucetwo+/)

#### Pros

- More pre-purchase customization options
- Arcade-accurate knobs tops
- Toolless access to internals

#### Cons

- More expensive compared to YuanCon

<Callout>
  For US players, GAMO2 occasionally restocks their [US
  storehouse](https://www.gamo2.com/en/index.php?dispatch=categories.view&category_id=281),
  usually around Black Friday. Their controllers can be purchased for much
  cheaper as shipping cost is greatly reduced. They announce restocks on their
  [Twitter page](https://x.com/GamoTwo).
</Callout>

#### Configuration Options

- **Button and spring:**

  - **DJDAO (recommended):** Cheaper default option which can be considered a Chinese clone of Sanwa buttons
  - **Sanwa:** More premium option which are used in arcade cabinets

If you select DJDAO, choose the option with 60g springs.\
If you select Sanwa, choose the option with 20g springs.

- **Microswitch of BT/FX buttons:**

  - **Honeywell:** Cheapest option with poor durability
  - **Omron (recommended):** Most common option with good durability
  - **OBSA-LHS1F:** These switches are used in arcade cabinets. Note that you **must** select Sanwa buttons as they are not compatible with DJDAO buttons.

See the [parts page](/parts) for more detailed information about buttons, springs, and switches.

- **Knob unit type:**

  - **VM Style knob unit:** GAMO2's reproduction of the knob assembly used in Valkyrie Model arcade cabinets
  - **GAMO2 damping knob unit (recommended):** Cheaper default option but still perform well

- **Metal panel:** A metal panel that aims to improve the feel and sound of
  the controller. [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dGnRTtvpA4) is a showcase
  of it by Neardayo.

For those wanting the most arcade-accurate configuration:

<br />
<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
  <img src="/controllers/arcadecontroller.png" width="500" />
</div>

#### FAUCETWO and FAUCETWO+ Differences

The FAUCETWO+ is an improved version of the FAUCETWO that was introduced in November 2023. The main differences compared to the older FAUCETWO are:

- Knob assembly no longer uses consumable rubber dampeners
- Knob tension is adjustable without tools
- Only one USB cable is necessary, with a second being optional for brighter lights
- Exceed Gear skin option
- Metal plate option

The original FAUCETWO has been discontinued, but it is worth knowing about these differences if you happen to purchase one secondhand.

### YuanCon

<br />
<div className="flex flex-col items-center justify-center">
  <div>![yuancons](/controllers/yuancons.png)</div>
  <em>SDVX 12 (left) and SDVX LITE 3 (right)</em>
</div>

Manufactured by YuanCon, another popular choice for controllers. As of April 2025, they offer two SDVX controllers:

- SDVX 12 is the more expensive option with a larger case and many lights
- SDVX LITE 3 is the cheaper option with a smaller case (layout is unchanged) and fewer lights

The differences besides the cost are purely aesthetic, so the SDVX LITE 3 is more often recommended.

[Purchase Link](https://yuancon.store/controller)

#### Pros

- Cheaper compared to FAUCETWO+

#### Cons

- Limited customization options before purchase
- Knobs tops are not arcade-accurate (completely smooth and not faceted)
- Poor USB port design commonly leads to failure (a spare is provided)
- Internal access requires tools

#### Configuration Options

Both the SDVX 12 and SDVX LITE 3 have an option for Sanwa buttons with 20g springs and OBSA-LHS1F switches. This is the configuration used in arcade cabinets.

## Other Input Devices

<Callout>
  These input devices trivialize patterns that are normally difficult on an
  arcade-size controllers. Especially in the higher level charts (17+) where
  one-hands and hand-trips are more prevalent.
</Callout>

### Keyboard

If you do not have access to an arcade, it is recommended to try the game with a keyboard first. There are many different keybinds that you can use but if you're unsure check out out [this guide](https://old.reddit.com/r/kshootmania/comments/ndn1j2/tips_on_key_bindings_for_playing_sdvxksmusc_with/) by JiminP.

### Mini Controllers

<br />
<div className="flex flex-col items-center justify-center">
  <div>![minicontrollers](/controllers/minicontrollers.png)</div>
  <em>Speedy Labs SDVX Pico v5 (left) and FAUCETWO Portable Edition (right)</em>
</div>

These are controllers are well made but are not recommended due to the smaller layout and cost (nearly as expensive as a YuanCon SDVX LITE 3). They are valid options for those looking to play on the go or want a quieter option (ASCs are loud!) but not suitable as an ASC alternative.

[Tokaku's review of the Speedy Labs SDVX Pico v5](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sSrfNnvBr_A)

## Not Recommended Controllers

These two are Konami's official SDVX controllers.

### SDVX -Nemsys- Entry Model

<br />
<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
  <img src="/controllers/entrymodel.jpg" width="300" />
</div>

Not recommended due to notoriously poor build quality, with all parts being made of plastic and the buttons using rubber membranes instead of microswitches like other ASCs and arcade cabinets. Those looking for a "cheap" controller should not be tempted--avoid it at all costs.

[Neardayo's showcase](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cnfM9r1FwX0)

### SDVX -Nemsys- Ultimate Model rev.2

<br />
<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
  <img src="/controllers/ultimatemodel.jpg" width="300" />
</div>

Not to be confused with the Entry Model as the build quality of this controller is comparable to a FAUCETWO+ or YuanCon. If you can purchase one for a similar price to those two, it is a decent option. Otherwise, it does not offer anything worth the extra cost.

Commit message:

add dimensions to controllers and small fixes

content/controllers/inputs.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from "nextra/components";

# What input device should I use?

## Table of Contents

1. [Intro](/controllers/inputs#intro)
2. [Arcade-size Controllers (ASCs)](/controllers/inputs#arcade-size-controllers)
   1. [FAUCETWO+](/controllers/inputs#faucetwo)
   2. [YuanCon](/controllers/inputs#yuancon)
3. [Other Input Devices](/controllers/inputs#other-inputs)
   1. [Keyboard](/controllers/inputs#keyboard)
   2. [Mini Controllers](/controllers/inputs#mini-controllers)
4. [Not Recommended Controllers](/controllers/inputs#not-recommend-controllers)
   1. [SDVX -Nemsys- Entry Model](/controllers/inputs#sdvx--nemsys--entry-model)
   2. [SDVX -Nemsys- Ultimate Model rev.2](/controllers/inputs#sdvx--nemsys--ultimate-model-rev2)

## Intro

This section covers controllers and other input devices.

Controllers are expensive! If you are just starting out, try the game either at an arcade or with your keyboard before you commit to a purchase. Make sure you like the game first!

<Callout>
  This guide does not cover all the types of controllers/ways to play. There are
  many different controllers out there, but these are the more common ones.
</Callout>

## Arcade-size Controllers (ASCs)

The two main options when it comes to ASCs are FAUCETWO+ and YuanCon. Both have arcade-accurate layouts, offer identical gameplay experiences, and their parts are easily customizable.

### FAUCETWO+

<br />
<div className="flex flex-col items-center justify-center">
  <div>![faucetwos](/controllers/faucetwos.png)</div>
  <em>FAUCETWO+ VW skin (left) and EG skin (right)</em>
</div>

Manufactured by GAMO2, this is the most popular and frequently recommended controller to purchase. Many reviews can be found on YouTube, with [Tokaku's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZGUSWQXGf6Y) being the most popular.

They offer two versions of their controller: the Vivid Wave (VW) or Exceed Gear (EG) skin. Besides the aesthetic difference, the EG skin version includes the price of a metal plate which must be configured separately for the VW skin version.

[Purchase Link](https://www.gamo2.com/en/index.php?dispatch=categories.view&category_id=277)\
[Product Detail Page](https://www.gamo2.com/en/product/faucetwo+/)

#### Pros

- More pre-purchase customization options
- Arcade-accurate knobs tops
- Toolless access to internals

#### Cons

- More expensive compared to YuanCon

<Callout>
  For US players, GAMO2 occasionally restocks their [US
  storehouse](https://www.gamo2.com/en/index.php?dispatch=categories.view&category_id=281),
  usually around Black Friday. Their controllers can be purchased for much
  cheaper as shipping cost is greatly reduced. They announce restocks on their
  [Twitter page](https://x.com/GamoTwo).
</Callout>

#### Configuration Options

- **Button and spring:**

  - **DJDAO (recommended):** Cheaper default option which can be considered a Chinese clone of Sanwa buttons
  - **Sanwa:** More premium option which are used in arcade cabinets

If you select DJDAO, choose the option with 60g springs.
If you select Sanwa, choose the option with 20g springs.

- **Microswitch of BT/FX buttons:**

  - **Honeywell:** Cheapest option with poor durability
  - **Omron (recommended):** Most common option with good durability
  - **OBSA-LHS1F:** These switches are used in arcade cabinets. Note that you **must** select Sanwa buttons as they are not compatible with DJDAO buttons.

See the [parts page](/parts) for more detailed information about buttons, springs, and switches.

- **Knob unit type:**

  - **VM Style knob unit:** GAMO2's reproduction of the knob assembly used in Valkyrie Model arcade cabinets
  - **GAMO2 damping knob unit (recommended):** Cheaper default option but still perform well

- **Metal panel:** A metal panel that aims to improve the feel and sound of
  the controller. [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dGnRTtvpA4) is a showcase
  of it by Neardayo.

For those wanting the most arcade-accurate configuration:

<br />
<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
  <img src="/controllers/arcadecontroller.png" width="500" />
</div>

#### FAUCETWO and FAUCETWO+ Differences

The FAUCETWO+ is an improved version of the FAUCETWO that was introduced in November 2023. The main differences compared to the older FAUCETWO are:

- Knob assembly no longer uses consumable rubber dampeners
- Knob tension is adjustable without tools
- Only one USB cable is necessary, with a second being optional for brighter lights
- Exceed Gear skin option
- Metal plate option

The original FAUCETWO has been discontinued, but it is worth knowing about these differences if you happen to purchase one secondhand.

#### Dimensions
The FAUCETWO is 10.9 cm tall including knobs, 46.4 cm length, and 23.4 cm width. It weighs 4.2 kg (9.3 lbs). 

For more detailed measurements and images, see [FAUCETWO+ specs page.](https://www.gamo2.com/en/product/faucetwo+/specs.html)

### YuanCon

<br />
<div className="flex flex-col items-center justify-center">
  <div>![yuancons](/controllers/yuancons.png)</div>
  <em>SDVX 12 (left) and SDVX LITE 3 (right)</em>
</div>

Manufactured by YuanCon, another popular choice for controllers. As of April 2025, they offer two SDVX controllers:

- SDVX 12 is the more expensive option with a larger case and many lights
- SDVX LITE 3 is the cheaper option with a smaller case (layout is unchanged) and fewer lights

The differences besides the cost are purely aesthetic, so the SDVX LITE 3 is more often recommended.

[Purchase Link](https://yuancon.store/controller)

#### Pros

- Cheaper compared to FAUCETWO+

#### Cons

- Limited customization options before purchase
- Knobs tops are not arcade-accurate (completely smooth and not faceted)
- Poor USB port design commonly leads to failure (a spare is provided)
- Internal access requires tools

#### Configuration Options

Both the SDVX 12 and SDVX LITE 3 have an option for Sanwa buttons with 20g springs and OBSA-LHS1F switches. This is the configuration used in arcade cabinets.

#### Dimensions
The YuanCon SDVX 12 is 9 cm tall, 49 cm length, and 22 cm width. It weighs 4.7 kg (10.36 lbs).

The YuanCon SDVX LITE 3 is 9.8 cm tall, 42 cm length, and 20 cm width. It weighs 3.7 kg (8.157 lbs).

For more information check the features tab on the YuanCon website:
- [SDVX 12](https://yuancon.store/controller/sdvxblack)
- [SDVX LITE 3](https://yuancon.store/controller/sdvxlite)

## Other Input Devices

<Callout>
  These input devices trivialize patterns that are normally difficult on an
  arcade-size controllers. Especially in the higher level charts (17+) where
  one-hands and hand-trips are more prevalent.
</Callout>

### Keyboard

If you do not have access to an arcade, it is recommended to try the game with a keyboard first. There are many different keybinds that you can use but if you're unsure check out out [this guide](https://old.reddit.com/r/kshootmania/comments/ndn1j2/tips_on_key_bindings_for_playing_sdvxksmusc_with/) by JiminP.

### Mini Controllers

<br />
<div className="flex flex-col items-center justify-center">
  <div>![minicontrollers](/controllers/minicontrollers.png)</div>
  <em>Speedy Labs SDVX Pico v5 (left) and FAUCETWO Portable Edition (right)</em>
</div>

These are controllers are well made but are not recommended due to the smaller layout and cost (nearly as expensive as a YuanCon SDVX LITE 3). They are valid options for those looking to play on the go or want a quieter option (ASCs are loud!) but not suitable as an ASC alternative.

[Tokaku's review of the Speedy Labs SDVX Pico v5](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sSrfNnvBr_A)

## Not Recommended Controllers

These two are Konami's official SDVX controllers.

### SDVX -Nemsys- Entry Model

<br />
<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
  <img src="/controllers/entrymodel.jpg" width="300" />
</div>

Not recommended due to notoriously poor build quality, with all parts being made of plastic and the buttons using rubber membranes instead of microswitches like other ASCs and arcade cabinets. Those looking for a "cheap" controller should not be tempted--avoid it at all costs.

[Neardayo's showcase](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cnfM9r1FwX0)

### SDVX -Nemsys- Ultimate Model rev.2

<br />
<div className="flex items-center justify-center">
  <img src="/controllers/ultimatemodel.jpg" width="300" />
</div>

Not to be confused with the Entry Model as the build quality of this controller is comparable to a FAUCETWO+ or YuanCon. If you can purchase one for a similar price to those two, it is a decent option. Otherwise, it does not offer anything worth the extra cost.
